Four people rowing down a river.
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing near two men who are seated on a park bench
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
A yellow kayak is being ridden by a man and a young boy
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.
A boy is playing a guitar
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
A beagle walks along the calm shore.
A light brown dog is running up a street
an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment.
repeat; reestablish or begin again
No dog is emerging from a lake
Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
A man and a boy are standing at the bottom of some stairs, which are outdoors
A black and white dog is swimming in some water
Treat a substance with some agent; add an    agent to.
A woman is not peeling a potato
A playing device is amusing a cat
the state of being in contact
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.
A black and white photo of a love seat.
Two dogs play in the grass.
reverse the winding or twisting of.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
the act or event of ending a process, state, situation
A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.
The woman is poking a potato
A woman is swiftly snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
A group of people are dancing in a show
A football game is being watched by the crowd
Two children are rolling in dirty water
come as a logical consequence, be inferred
have a great affection, liking, or desire for
Assign a new time for an event
take away a vital or essential part of.
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
There is no man sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	She was crying and she was really scared," said Yasin.
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.
Two white dogs are running together.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.
There is no butter being added to the stand mixer
A man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
take or capture by force or authority
process or result of becoming less or smaller.
cause to spread in another part of the world.
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another dog, which is brown, in the pond
Two dogs are cheerfully playing together on the grass
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
We think they have the right to choose.
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.
the enclosing frame around a door or window opening.
orient, be positioned
A woman is stroking a lemur
A panda bear is eating some bamboo
A woman is mixing the content of a bowl
Several people are sitting at little tables in a darkened room
A man is tying a shoe
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.
He hasn't got much choice, said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.
the act of enumerating or tallying a total
The white ducks are standing on the ground.
A man performs a skateboard trick.
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.
A large white crane is flying far above the water
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.
A man is singing into a microphone
A lion is slowly walking
A yellow cat is chasing a ball
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose, Ellison said.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.
Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
A classroom is empty
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
the forceful hit of a ball
A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.
In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
A man in a purple shirt is dying another shirt black, which has a man looking at a dog doing a funny face painted on it.
accept, acclimate or adapt to a context, situation
A passenger plane parked on a runway.
A man is cracking eggs
Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.
to engage in plotting or activities of an illegal or deceitful nature
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.
A young girl wearing a blue leotard jumps in the air.
Three teenage girls are idling in the room
A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society.
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.
A dog in the snow.
Someone is stirring chili in a pot
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.
A woman plays with her rottweiler dog outside.
Several kids are jumping on a trampoline
the upper part of a column that supports the entablature.
a dog jumps into the pond.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.
There is no person riding a jetski in the waves
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.
Two boys on a couch are playing games on the TV
From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.
(cause to) gradually become weak
(computer science) a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer.
furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gas to escape.
Two dogs run through mud.
A person is cooking some food
A rope is being climbed by a man
Two construction workers are sitting up on the top of a building
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
One brown and black dog is running through the leaves
A boy is being knocked into the water by the dog
Various customers are eating in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
give or convey physically.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.
A naked girl is walking beside her bike at night
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.
A man is slicing a red tomato
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves
A woman at a stove jumps back from the high flames of a pan.
The man is not cutting a paper plate
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
turning or twisting around (in place).
A young woman is getting a tattoo on her hand
I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else, Parrish said.
Make reference to something.
Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.
Three dark haired young women in white, red and black sweaters.
Two people are walking through some water.
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
Lie at an angle; bend along a path.
Two girls are laughing breathlessly and other girls are watching them
the act of expressing approval, support of something
A person is dicing an onion
The wave is being ridden by a surfer
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
The black and white dog is running in the damp sand.
A man is tanking on a stage in front of a crowd
A man in a suit is not being surrounded by photographers
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
A man is standing beside a birdcage which is large and colorful
A person on a bike is not in the air near a body of water
come into conflict, meet in opposition
An American footballer is wearing a red and white strip.
pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to.
Racers are running down a track
A little boy is jumping into a puddle in the street
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.
The smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside the building in the snow
a boy swinging on a swing.
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
The train sits at the train station.
The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe.
Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.
A crowd, which is large, in warm clothing is posing for a camera
A subway train pulling into the station.
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.
A man is getting off the car
The dog is running through the wet sand
A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
The woman is eating some cut pieces of raw meat
While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
(Chemistry) Undergo sequestration by          forming a stable compound with an ion.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over wall full of graffiti
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.
A boy running through green grass.
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.
A man is playing the trumpet
Two people are standing on a bench
Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
A young man is talking to a leaf
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
A man in green is hitting a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
the act of perceiving a scent
The man is doing a trick on his green bike.
something considered trite but amusing
A baseball player throws the ball.
The man is wildly dancing
A female toddler in pigtails is trying to climb out of a green and white playpen.
The man in a cowboy hat is not walking through a market and is not putting a hand in his pocket
the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin.
The man's jumper is in the empty pool
an abundance or profusion of something
Two black and brown dogs are running through a field.
A bird sits in a leafless tree.
Two cats are lying together
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.
physician and American Revolutionary leader; signer of the Declaration of Independence (1745-1813).
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.
Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents.
person who is a social companion
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".
A man and a woman are standing on the curb
Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
A small baby wearing sunglasses sits on an adult's lap.
There is no man mixing
A Seadoo is being ridden by a woman
Bind or join (as if) with cement.
stop for a moment, as if out of uncertainty or caution.
A brown and white dog is resting on the ground with a tennis ball in its mouth
A woman is not frying fish
The panda bear is lying on the logs
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
connect with; reach a target or goal
a casual or unexpected convergence.
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
exercise authoritative control or power over.
a social set or clique of friends
A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over the grass
This large black and white dog is running on the sand.
U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
Two dogs playing with a stick in the water.
The person is drawing
A couple of boys are playing a video game
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.
A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container).
(cause to) happen at a later time
A man with a white moustache is sitting on a balcony and is looking at the road below
an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose.
A man is tearing up the pictures of a lake
Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.
Value measured by what must be given or done to obtain something.
A group of four people in a dinner having cake.
The bunch of men are not playing rugby on a muddy field
The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved."
have a strong sexual attraction to
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
Two white dogs running in the snow.
A dog is running on the grass and chasing a ball
A family is posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
The man is slicing a potato
behave in a certain way; have a specific effect or outcome
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.
Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist.
The snowboarder is jumping off a snowy hill
A young boy with a bib is watching the camera
Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
lengthen in time; cause to be or last longer.
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
A dog with fangs revealed is about to bite a ball with paw prints on it.
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
A black and brown dog plays with a long stick.
There is no man and child kayaking through gentle waters
A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.
Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling.
The elderly lady is not waiting on the sidewalk
Three teenage girls are dancing in the room
A man in a purple suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
A man is singing to a girl
put in the mind of someone.
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.
a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank.
A person is playing a guitar and singing
A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.
The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home.
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
There is no man cutting tomatoes
There is no dog chasing a ball in the grass
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
The man dressed in chaps made of leather and a purple shirt is standing in front of some onlookers
The man is playing the drums
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area.
There is no man spitting
a process of development, increase or advancement
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.
the armed forces
The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
Try to cure by special care or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
compress out of shape or into small pieces
Give equal rights to, as of the right to vote.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.
The brown dog is running on the grass.
two girls with pink streaked hair and two boys with black hair standing next to a concrete building.
a kitchen appliance used for cooking food.
A man is playing guitar
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
secure and protect a lifeform, maintain from injury or harm
The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.
A black dog standing in a field.
A man is reading an email
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
There is no man mixing vegetables in a pot
A brown and black dog walks in the snow with it's tongue hanging out.
The orange colored dices are being cast by a cook to win the pepper
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.
A black and a white dog are joyfully running on the grass
Someone is stirring food in the water
Two people are kissing near a crowd
A man is walking slowly across a bridge made of rope
An old woman is wearing a rose patterned shirt and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
A black and white dog is swimming in a lake.
A motorcycle is being ridden by a man
Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday.
A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is seated beside her
A couple standing on the curb
A wet black dog walks on the sand with a rock wall behind.
A group of football players running down the field.
fill with high spirits; fill with optimism.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a heavily graphitized wall
People are walking outside the building that has several murals on it
A woman is playing the drums
to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws.
consider again, usually with a view to changing
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.
(cause to) come to rest on a surface
the act of changing one thing for another thing.
A man is drinking orange juice and walking
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is dancing
the act of spending or disbursing money.
A man is pouring oil into a pan
Three boys are walking on rocks along a river
Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.
He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
a store or supply of something
On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.
A large crowd in warm clothing is posing for a camera
Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to the man
A boy is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
the act of forcing out someone or something.
A woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
A large sheep standing on a hill.
Two children are hanging on a large branch
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.
A couple is not looking at a map
A person is looking at a motocross bike that is lying on its side and another is racing by
fix to; attach.
Two young women walk along a dirt road.
behave in a patronizing and condescending manner.
There is no blonde lady looking at a tower
A young child is barefoot and is walking past a puddle full of mud
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
Give an incentive for action, provoke or    stir up, urge on, or cause to act.
go back, restore, revive
seal, insulate or protect
A dog, which is small, is playing on the green grass
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
take something or someone away from somewhere
The black dog is running through the snow.
A white dog running over a bridge.
an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation.
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is doing a joyful dance
a slight surface cut (especially a notch that is made to keep a tally).
A white and red bus traveling on the street.
A child is playing with two white and black geese.
act of applying force
break from a meeting or gathering.
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.
Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion.
A skateboarder is jumping in the air
a specific size and style of type within a type family.
A dog runs through the snow.
The black and white dog is sitting on a green yard
The kids are not wearing suits and water is splashing around
engrave, shape or cut by chipping away at the surface
Two buses parked on a street.
British term for the luggage compartment in a car.
A dog jumps in the air, catching a Frisbee in its mouth.
A chef is preparing some food
cause to be in brief contact with.
These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages, the statement continued.
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.
It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation, said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.
Two dogs wrestle in the snow.
Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
A man is not cutting an onion
A black man is running in brown grass and racing a dog
have faith in, bet on
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.
act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes.
The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.
In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days.
A man is going between two red flag markers on a dirt bike.
The man is removing sliced cucumbers from water
turn on or around an axis or a center.
The man is standing steadily next to a birdcage
A boy on a red and black slide is wearing a jacket and a hat and has knees which are covered in snow
Small children are climbing a statue in a park
a social gesture of deferential greeting
The brown dog is running in the snow
A dog is running on the beach
A blond girl is riding the waves
A brown dog leaping from a dock into the water.
A woman is cutting some flowers
A man is walking along a path through a wilderness
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a vehicle
(cause to) fall in drops
A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.
A man on a bicycle is riding on the beach
People are not walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
A cat looking out of a window.
Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock.
A young man with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some cans of soda
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
A woman and three kids play at a park.
Some persons are singing
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.
One man is turning on the microwave
A small black dog is in the grass.
A man is playing with a water toy in the water
We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story.
a narrative song with a recurrent refrain.
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
cause to become widely known.
Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
Two men are taking a break from construction
A brown puppy is gnawing a metallic post that is stuck in the ground
A kid is waiting wearing swim gear
There is no woman slicing an onion
A young boy rollerblading in a cement skate park.
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
One man in a big city is holding up a sign and begging for money
A man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
A person is planting a tree
Two large dogs are frolicking in a grassy field
Train going down the tracks.
Man standing in front of a silver rail car.
A dog in the yard is running across colored coats
An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.
Two dogs running on the beach.
A big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow.
A black dog lays in the grass and looks towards the camera.
the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time.
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.
bring to a certain pressure
A man is sitting in the rain
A man is doing exercise
A group of sheep grazing on a hill.
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.
to lecture formally to an audience
Five children are standing in front of a wooden hut
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.
DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.
A dog runs through a snowy field.
mix or breed things of different varieties or qualities
A black dog standing in a room being constructed.
the act of physically affixing or connecting things
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal
Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.
Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.
The girl is not using an eye pencil on her eyelid
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
Change one for another
A little girl in costume looks like a woman
to bring or combine together or with something else.
Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.
a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government.
I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately, he said.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.
A man is leaning on a racing motorcycle
A girl is on a jumping car
Some football players in red and white are jumping and hugging
There is no man riding an electric bicycle
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
An electronic storage device.
the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
A white dog is running through the snow.
A man is making a phone call
Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.	The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.3.000	It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.
There is no young boy covered in grass jumping near a wooden fence
rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy, often with thunder or lightning.
We've become like total strangers, John told a pal two days before his death.
The boy is studying a calendar
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
A woman is peppering green slices
fall or descend to a lower place or level.
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
A woman is preparing a skillet for the eggs
Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
A girl is exercising
A girl is playing the guitar
A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.
the finger next to the thumb, forefinger
The men are having a conversation
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.
Three greyhounds racing on a track
Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."
Different things from a war are being shown to some people by a veteran
A cat is walking on a hardwood floor
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
Provide evidence for; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes; embody.
A boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near a stack of blocks on table
A boy is comfortably sitting in a room and playing a piano by a lamp
Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported.
attract; cause to be enamored by (one's) nature.
travel at an excessive or illegal velocity.
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.
a group of nations having common interests.
The man is not feeding the snake with a mouse
Dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth
A white bird is swiftly taking off from the water
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
a portion or percentage of a whole
The little girl in the blue dress is walking with a man along a railway track.
A bird is flapping its wings on the water
It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.
incline from a vertical position
A teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
a coefficient assigned to elements in a frequency distribution in order to indicate the relative importance of each element
Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.
A person is diving into clear blue water.
Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.
An animal is looking around
He has a very good reputation," RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant.
The child has a necklace on and is in the water.
a feeling of aversion or antipathy.
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.
A woman holding a newspaper.
The cognitive processes and capacity to remember.
Men are running a race
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.
A dog is playing alone on a beach covered by snow
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.
Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.
A woman is painting a man's face
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.
Become widespread as an idea or feeling.
A snake is being fed a mouse by a man
A grey silky dog is running in the grass and a brown dog looks on
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.
Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share.
Some boys being dressed with a carpet are sitting on two red tuxedos 
mark or cover with or as if with dots
I think we made the right case and did the right thing."
Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency.
have a great affection or liking for.
A man is skiing down a snowy hill
The boy is enthusiastically playing in the mud
submit, send to
the act of coming down to the earth (or other surface).
Large green boat floating on water.l.
A woman is playing an electric guitar
A young boy is quickly jumping off a chair
Two children are not playing soccer in the park
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.
a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something.
AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
A top violin player is standing on the roof over a man
A cook is slicing some bell peppers
strike as if by whipping.
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.
cause to form a united, orderly, and aesthetically consistent whole.
A yellow dog is running down a sandy path
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
A girl, in a black shirt and hot pink pants, is about to hit a tennis ball on the court.
a young boy climbing on a rock wall
Rugby players are tackling each other
A white and brown dog runs in a field.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface.
People in animal costumes entertain a crowd.
gear or develop something to a particular purpose
The man is driving a car carefully
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.
There is no one climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
a group of people living together in a camp.
A bottle is being licked by the cat
A woman in a yellow shirt running on a track.
The man is not talking on the phone
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
The surfer is riding a big wave
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
change toward something smaller or lower.
Two persons are driving down the street in a jeep
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.
A large boat in the water at the marina.
A boy and his bike leaps into the air.
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
Enclose in a protective covering.
A white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .
fail in strength or health and cease to funtion
support by placing against something solid or rigid.
Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa.
an upward slope or grade (as in a road).
to incline or bend from a vertical position.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something
smell by inhaling through the nose
In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
Something is being fried by a woman
The back of a sign with stickers on.
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat.
The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body, such as the earth (which is taken to be at zero voltage).
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.
A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.
A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.
(chemistry) a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop.
The kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide.
A boy in a blue shirt has dirt on his face
where you live at a particular time.
A white cat stands on the floor.
Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.
A woman wearing a blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is near others dressed in the same fashion
GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
The man is aiming a gun
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.
Cause to move forward with force.
A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an item.
The herd of caribous is crossing a road quickly
One man is climbing the cliff with a rope
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
A woman is wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white cap and is talking and marching
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.
The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam.
A double decker bus on a city street.
thin metal strips used in typesetting
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
any of various controls or devices for regulating or controlling fluid flow, pressure, temperature, etc..
Three women are sitting together near woven walls
cause (someone) to undergo something.
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."
prevent from entering; keep out.
A toddler is sitting in a seat
A badger is shrewdly digging the earth
A Philips flat-screen TV is shown with its two remote controls.
A guinea pig is eating a carrot
the allotment of some amount by dividing something.
The person is brushing a cat
A dog holding a ring in his mouth is standing in a small river.
accounting period of 12 months
Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues.
A squirrel is spinning around in circles
A tiger is sitting
Nobody is rinsing a steak with water
The flock of sheep are spread out in the field.
A black faced sheep.
A man is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
The machine is shaving the end of a pencil
The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
the scent or odor of something
the act of explaining or defending something
A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.
Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
The brown and white dog is in the water.
register formally as a participant or member.
There is no bicyclist jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings.
A group of four children dancing in a backyard.
inability of the heart to pump enough blood to sustain normal bodily functions.
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
A chimp is practicing martial arts
A black and white cow looking through the fence.
A kid swimming in the ocean is tossing a coin into the pool, near the man
the state of being unsure of something.
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
There is no little kid playing football and falling into the grass
A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills.
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.
assign to or arrange into categories
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.
A person is writing
Literally cause to become unable to see.
A man is cutting a paper
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.
(science) The atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element.
Two children are not playing in the surf
A cat is playing a keyboard
A man is staring at a horse with a white mane.
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.
It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world.
Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains.
Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness, Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell.
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.
A banana is being peeled by a person
Two boys are doing martial arts on a green mat
July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs.
The intended meaning of an instance of communication.
a visual characterization of something
a lone snowboarder in the middle of a snowy gust
A horse with no rider is falling over a hurdle
A race horse galloping without a rider.
The black dog is sprinting through the grass
A woman is placing skewers onto a rack
Two black and white dogs running in a field.
The man with the dyed purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
12th month of the calendar year
A man is athletically jumping a wall
Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him.
A boy is walking across a bridge
form a carpet-like cover (over).
move (as if) by lowering
The curious boys look in the shed.
A close-up view of a horse's head.
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.
The adults and children are not gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
A man in a black uniform on a white horse.
A child is running in and out of the ocean waves
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.
Two women sitting on brown couch.
A young child is running down a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern.
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
The girl in the blue and white uniform is cheering
There is no woman dancing
Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
A man is removing the butter from a piece of bread which is big
direct the course of; manage or control.
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.
A black and brown cat is eyeing a fly
There are no dogs of different breeds looking at each other across a street
Two people are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
There is no paper being cut with scissors
a self-propelled projectile driven by self-contained propellant
An elderly man works on his laptop at home.
Two dogs jumping on each other.
The German shepherd dog is running through the snow.
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
create code or computer programs
The hairy man is sitting on a train
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept.
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter.
act of verbally informing
A man in a purple colored suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
a reason for wanting something done.
There is no woman wearing a blue helmet and riding a bicycle in a parking lot
The cows feed in the trough.
Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close.
Four people are sitting on a bridge over a body of water
The baby is not laughing and crawling
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.
The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
A tan dog is running through the brush
A couple is looking at a street guide
the act of breaking something.
cause to come into existence; create
make a request or demand for something to somebody.
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
require or need something that is missing
the activity of leading.
A woman is taking eggs out of a bowl
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.
the act of clipping or snipping.
A brown dog is walking in the water.
A man holds a long leash with a large gray dog attached to it.
The chef is seasoning the oil
the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding.
A guy is cheerfully playing with a footbag
Several swimmers are jumping into the water
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.
A kid is singing and playing a guitar
A man and woman sitting on a parked car.
the act of retaining something.
a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage.
matter that has been deposited by some natural process.
the act of people having sex
A child catcher reaching out his MIT to catch a ball.
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.
The sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
Speak in a high-pitched tone of voice, as          either an animal or human might.
insert or close with a plug
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.
It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
The person is hiking
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.
A woman is wearing paint and costume pieces and is riding a bike on a busy street
overcome with amazement.
Two bull dogs playing on the floor.
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
A white car is being driven by the man
A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.
the activity of supplying or providing something.
club or association of people with a shared interest
make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper.
a conveyance or transporter, often wheeled
The young girl with a pink shirt isn't peacefully lying on the grass
settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground.
A surfer is surfing a big wave
CBS said the show "does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience.
A white Swiss airplane approaches the runway.
A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal's neck as a harness or to identify it.
the face or front of a building.
A woman is boiling shrimps
A man and a woman laughing.
Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.
There is no person pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.
A child going down an inflatable slide.
A passenger train sits in the station.
Two dogs run on the beach.
The football is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass
division of a university that offers degrees beyond bachelor's degree
There is no man standing next to a bus
The person is practicing the guitar
two people who are married to each other.
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
some football players in red jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground
A boy is filling a pitcher with water
A woman with a ponytail is climbing down a wall of rock
angle with a hook and line drawn through the water.
Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
make or be a summary
the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight.
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
No lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt
The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
capture, ensnare, discover in the act
Four people eating dessert around a table.
(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.
The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks," Carney added.
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
a partial denture
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.
The people are walking on the road beside a waterfall, which is beautiful
bring into general popular/common use
the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings.
Two children are rolling in clean water
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
Brown and white cows are eating from a trough.
A woman is putting away a potato
cause or become accessible state, make or become available
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail.
At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A song is being sung by a clown
A man holds on to a handle in the water.
a standardized system of measurements for heaviness
A small dog is chasing a large brown cow
a serving of a beverage
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is standing on a dirt bike
An animal is biting someone's finger
Two dogs stand in water and bite each other's mouths.
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
Strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.
sink to a lower level; descend
The dog is knocking a boy into the water
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.
A conceptual formulation; a way of conceiving something.
the act of concealing or disguising
A little girl is playing a guitar
A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
A man sits in a public place eating an apple.
A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.
Two baby pandas are sleeping
The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
A small man is sitting in a military accessories store
draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to.
A child is indoors watching a program about some young climbers on a rock wall.
According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990.
the techniques and principles of artistic composition using paints
The boy is not riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
move in a group or flock
Five adults are sitting on a chair
But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
A brown and white dog running on grass.
two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach.
Three women are standing still
A child is wearing a coat and is carrying a red sled near a child in a green and black coat
A man is rock climbing, stopping and calculating the route
A biker jumps an obstacles.
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.
The black and white dog is running indoors
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.
Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.
Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.
A dog leaps over the hurdle.
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
A dog running through a creek.
An animal is resting
A pot of chili is being stirred by someone with a spoon
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
A boy is sitting in a room and playing a piano by lamp light
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it.
One man is talking to a girl with an internet camera
A white dog is running through a snowy trail
A golden dog plays in the snow
A woman is surfing
arrange a program of or for.
the entering of a legal document into the public record.
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates
(Cause to) become a powder or as dust.
A woman holding a small baby.
A person on a yellow bike is airborne
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.
the act of referring or consulting.
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
There is no child sitting in a red and yellow toy car
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
A dog is catching a ball in mid air
break the skin (of a body part) by scraping.
a concern or affair
A woman is putting meat in a pan
A girl riding a tan horse.
The dog plays in the park.
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
The person is dicing up a pepper which is orange
A black dog on a leash is walking in the water
Two boys are laying in the water close to the beach
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.
She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.
the verbal act of offering.
be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
A little boy is in a tire
A player is running with the ball
Put down by force, intimidation, or authority, as of a person; correct by punishment or discipline.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires.
Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not.
A passenger train coming into a station.
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.
A man is mixing vegetables in a pot
The woman is slicing herbs
A family is watching a little boy who is hitting a baseball
Some girls in their teens are dancing for the camera
A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
There is no dog running through a field and chasing a ball
They've been in the stores for over six weeks, says Carney.
A small dog jumping over hurdles.
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
a small, indefinite portion of something
A black dog, running on grass.
A white and brown dog is walking through the water with difficulty
a single serving of a beverage.
The man is standing on a mountain, which is rocky, and gray clouds are in the background
A black dog running with a black and white toy in it's mouth.
Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.
make amorous or sexual advances toward
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a street
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
A man in a hat is pacing through a store
A child is watching someone playing outdoors and is spouting water over the rest of his family 
The man is a guitar player
A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.
Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?
There is no person standing in a vast field of glacial ice
Boy lying on couch with small white dog.
A man is participating in a race for bmxs
A man is playing the drum
(cause to) adopt a different system, value, or viewpoint
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
A small dog is lying on the bed
(baseball) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter.
Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25.
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.
A girl is wearing a pink shirt with white writing on it and is lying in the grass
There is no man reading the email
A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
the act of turning, rotating an object
a vertical array of numbers or other information.
a person who is a member of the senate
be equivalent, have the same effect as something
come or bring back to life, health, existence or use
form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner.
There is no man making a phone call
A boy splashes into a pool, ejected from a water slide.
A man is running away from the soccer ball
A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.
A tiger is walking around with no aim
The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was "not an international public health concern."
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
A dog jumps over a chain.
cause to move by pulling.
the central area of an object
Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.
Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.
Put up with something or someone          unpleasant; show deference towards someone or some authority.
A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background.
One man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
The dog in the dyed red vest is running in the field
The motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants
There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here, Gehman said.
Two people are fist fighting in a ring
draw a cross in the air over something
Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
The dog runs through the water.
Innocent or not, "she's damaged goods," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York.
piece (something old) with a new part.
ride (a bicycle or motorcycle)
severance from a social connection or tie
Saturate or inocculate with a substance.
an increase in size as measured per unit of time
A person is frying meat in a pan
The hiker is following a trail uphill.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night
The man is going into the lake
A row of beer bottles on the floor.
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing aimlessly in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
A man is sprinkling cheese on a pizza
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass.
A dog runs through shallow water.
Two men catching a fish in a swamp.
make a causal or logical connection; group together
A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
(Cause to) strike the air in flight.
A man is sitting on a couch under an expressway ledge.
something that is made real or concrete.
People are walking through a street which is crowded
exercise or have power of memory
There is no man eating a banana
the act of combining, blending, integrating
Two dogs are shaking water off.
A black dog with a gemmed collar is sitting on white carpet.
A man is cutting a slice of bread
A black dog is running through some water.
Improve by restoring to a previous or better condition.
a supplementary part or accessory.
A man is picking a can
A big cat is opening a drawer made of plastic with its paws and is jumping inside
A man is talking to a woman
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
the act of applying force in order to move something away.
(the content of) a communication.
social or economic downfall of someone or a group
A woman is playing volley ball.
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.
an event that accomplishes its intended purpose.
a judgement or opinion about something
Three kids are sitting in the leaves
A girl is making a flute which is not to be played
A man and a young boy are riding in a yellow kayak
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.
A dog is missing the ball in mid air
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.
The man is not performing a large jump
A woman is putting two eggs into a pot of water
A pianist is playing the keyboard
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.
A potted plant with only a few sprouting.
The snowboarder is jumping off the snow
A man dressed for a race relaxes.
This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.
A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
Someone is falling off the horse
There is no little black dog chasing a little brown dog
The state of being absent.
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.
The small boy is sliding down a pool slide and is about to hit the water.
A child rides a wooden horse.
A person is eating a cut onion
appear in a certain way.
Two older men in front of a bus.
A large flute is being played by a man
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.
The man is eating potato slices
There is no squirrel spinning around in circles
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
The teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
A woman is playing with a brown dog on a garden path
make impure.
A man is putting down the flute
give something useful or necessary to.
behave in a certain way, usu. joyful
A large green ball is missing a potato
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.
Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
A man plays a guitar for a sick child in a hospital
We think it's great news, said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.
two cold people stand near a pole.
A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.
A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.
A dog is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog.
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
a variant of a musical theme which employs notes of reduced duration from the original theme
have sexual intercourse with.
There is no young child running outside over the fallen leaves
Two people are carrying gray baskets and blankets and walking near a building
Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman.
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
a communication (usually brief) that is written or spoken or signaled.
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
There is no boy looking at a calendar
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.
the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element; the standard is 8 for oxygen.
There is no snowboarder doing a flip over a mound of snow
A person is taking away the meat in the skillet
Two men are standing in deep water
A little girl is hitting a ball off a tee
The dogs play in the snow.
A man is bringing up the rear of the race
Some children are raising their hands and clapping.
There is no dog racing on a track
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
a name or trait that identifies a product or type of thing
A person is eating at a table
However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.
The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters.
A woman is slicing garlic
Four athletes are with a woman in a crowded stadium
Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track.
anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower.
A child runs through the grass.
Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is lowering her arm
An animal is running tiredly in circles
position or location change
The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators, Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday.
A man in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
There is no woman coating a pork chop
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.
A man on inline skates is skating at a skate park
A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
A woman is not slicing a cucumber
make keen; give (new) life or energy to
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.
A man is eating onion slices
the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state.
Two men are breaking into a car during a trip on a snowy road
Close-up of a hummingbird.
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.
Two girls arm wrestle while a third girl in a pink shirt and glasses watches.
Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17.
A lady is dressed in black and is carrying a white cross
make a proposal or overtures to with a specific end in view
Two young kids are eating corndogs
A brown dog is looking closely at a brown and white dog
the activity of protecting someone or something.
A band is not playing some instruments
Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway
A white dog is standing on a grassy hillside
A man is laughing
a state of confinement in a small space
stretch to the utmost, causing stress or injury
the status of being a champion.
A brown dog playfully bites a white dog.
A woman is cutting a white onion
Two women are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
release from confinement, obligation, or a burden
A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
The snowboarder is leaping fearlessly over white snow
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.
Many cars parked on a mountain.
A boy is wearing a white hat and is walking on the beach
The kid is swimming through the blue ocean
Two blonde girls are taking a picture of themselves.
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday.
Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics.
a feeling or state of contentment, relief
A man sits on the stairs next to his bike.
The men are climbing a mountain
A guy is riding a horse
The young boy in the blue shirt is not jumping into the water
a physical protuberance, large or small
A dog peaks out the back of a truck.
The piece of paper is being cut
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.
A snowboarder is jumping off the snow
A woman is performing in the rain
There is no puppy rolling
a usually brief attempt.
Two dogs standing in a lake.
One person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
A dog is wading in the water.
A football player in a red and white uniform is being lifted by two teammates
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.
a distinctive style of clothing
pass through the esophagus
A group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen.
A person is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
A black dog looking at the camera.
A dog leaping over a hurdle.
a part of a forked or branching shape.
Wrinkled, crumpled, or creased.
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a woman with grey hair
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing uniforms which are black, pink and white
A dog is barking
The person is flying through the air on a bicycle
A man is sitting near a bike and is writing a note
incite, move, or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination.
Someone fires a bullet from a handgun into the woods.
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.
compel to behave in a certain way.
The crowd is not watching a football game
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
The fur of a cat is being combed by a person
Some adults are sitting in the chairs and are watching the ocean
But they dont realize that until its too late (of course) because theyre potential victims in a horror movie.
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.
A woman is slicing a green pepper
overcome with astonishment or disbelief
A dog zips along the beach.
A woman is playing the flute
A person is wearing a red jacket and carefully holding a beer
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint
fall or cause to fall
The man and woman are strolling
raise from a lower to a higher position.
the act of examining resemblances.
A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
A baby rhino and its mother are standing in a pen
Fool or hoax (someone).
The people are sitting in a restaurant in front of the beach
The crowd is watching the football at the game
An event that causes someone or something to die.
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.
Some men are running a race
A person is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.
A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.
strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program.
move about in a confused manner.
set forth as an introduction or preface
the act of exploding or bursting.
A football player in a purple jersey is running with the ball for a touchdown
The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
The little kid is playing football and falling into the grass
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
create and charge with a task or function.
A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.
Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.
a diacritical mark used to indicate stress or placed above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation.
A cat is playing with a small bottle
In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons.
cause to be alert and energetic.
A man is screwing a piece of wood to a wall
A tan dog is resting in the snow
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.
A race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance.
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.
A man is playing a wooden flute
A black dog and a small white and black dog are looking up at a kitchen countertop
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
Furnish with metal spurs.
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.
the floor of a building that is at or nearest to the level of the ground around the building.
A person is stirring vegetables in a bowl
combine so as to form a whole; mix.
A black dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
The person isn't riding a motorbike on a sandy track
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a brick wall and playing an instrument
stingless male bee in a colony of social bees (especially honeybees) whose sole function is to mate with the queen.
A person is folding a sheet
A black and white dog is running in grass carring a big stick.
A skateboarder jumping in the street.
A young boy falls off his bike.
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.
There is no surfer riding the wave
He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."
A little girl is running.
Obtain from a storage device, as of information on a computer.
The tail of an animal is being chasing by a dog in the grass
A dog leaps over a barrier.
The brown dog is playing outdoors
It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
The kittens are eating the food on the trays
A panda is climbing
A man is playing a keyboard in a park
A man on a motorcycle is going around a corner
A woman is slicing a tomato
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon.
Many sheep standing on a green hill.
Two dogs running through sand.
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is dropping a bucket
A woman is cutting garlic
Several large dogs are running through a large grassy area.
There is no baby being put into a trash can by a woman
Two women posing with a baby.
There is no young boy riding a dirt bike through the mud
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.
(theology) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil.
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.
A man with no hat is standing outside of a green jeep
A monkey is brushing the dog
A man is dangerously dancing on the ceiling of a room
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.
The man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
A cat is sitting on a piano
A man in a black jersey is standing in a gym
the state of being in working order
Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough, Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.
A topless woman is being smeared with a brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
A dog swims in the water.
A boy is running towards a seagull on a beach.
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.
A dog swims while carrying a stick in its mouth.
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles.
A man is playing guitar next to a drummer
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.
BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19.
lightest most abundant element, atomic number 1
the public submission of a legal record
Black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up.
A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.
There is no dog leaping in the air
A woman is putting make-up on
a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.
a computer server
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
A person is kicking a ball for a soccer game between somebody's feet
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.
A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him.
(music) the presentation of a musical theme.
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.
A violin is being played by a man
regain or make up for.
A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach.
After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.
Two dolphins jumping into the water.
Complain; talk in a tearful manner.
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
A woman who is wearing a pink scarf is riding a bike down a bridge built for pedestrians
A dog catching a Frisbee.
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding something
A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
a tan dog running through the grass with a toy in his mouth.
have a disagreement or quarrel over something
A tiger is strolling around
A dog is looking at a store counter
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is quickly running 
The puppy is not playing with a plastic container
Improve by pruning or polishing
A dog splashing in the water.
increase in amount, extent, or intensity
emphasize; draw attention to; underline
A woman is standing with a pair of dogs
An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.
A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid
A girl wearing a pink coat splashes in rain puddles.
the act of annoying someone or something
the period of time during which a contract conveying property to a person is in effect.
The person is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
a project or undertaking
Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.
The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.
Four children are doing backbends in the gym
the quality of being important, worthy of attention
support a person for a position.
Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.
A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
A man is singing into an old microphone
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.
head of a country
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.
Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
praise the qualities in order to sell or promote
effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity
The lady is cracking an egg into a dish
Two fluffy dogs run through the grass.
the event consisting of the start of something.
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.
A brown dog is standing in a lake
provide with rails.
Two men are standing in front of a snow-capped mountain.
be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something.
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.
A dog is running along a beach with a red object in its mouth.
Man standing in front of yellow corvette.
A little girl on a kid swing.
plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect.
move to and fro around a particular point or points, remain near
Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer."
It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
The boys are standing in front of the car, which is burning
The group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
Treat a substance with some agent; add an agent to.
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.
A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible, Commissioner Susan Kennedy said.
A group of kids is staring at a colorful structure
A animal is grazing in a field
to hunt snipe
The white dog has a ball in its mouth.
A little girl in a pink coat is walking down a dirt road
A woman is riding her bicycle.
A young girl in a winter coat is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
A woman, who is seated, is singing a song and playing the guitar
the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.).
The snowboarder is not jumping off a snow covered hill
A black dog retrieves in the snow.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.
Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.
A young boy is running a race.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results.
A girl is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
A brown dog running after a a red ball.
like better; value more highly.
The woman is peeling a potato
Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied.
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
A feeling or state of extreme anger.
The man is lifting weights
A mountain climber follows the edge of the mountain.
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
Someone is singing about a man who plays the guitar
A close-up of a black train engine.
Two birds are perched on a metal band.
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.
A large group of people have formed a line outside.
the conclusion of a communication
a collection of something, often a large amount
have a strong desire to do something
argue or speak in defense of.
A woman is cutting a tomato
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.
cover with flakes or as if with flakes.
A man is wearing a blue shirt and walking barefoot on a tennis court
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.
A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.
The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette
Consumer groups oppose the changes, saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires.
Intend something to move toward a certain goal
manipulate the registers of an organ.
a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass.
A boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday.
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.
Two kids playing with a dog.
A group of people is walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying tennis ball
So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
A man in a blue jumpsuit is failing to perform a wheelie on a motorcycle
A surfer in a black wet suit surfs on a medium wave.
A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
A man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.
A child in clothing which is light colored is standing with his arms extended outward
A crowd of people is near the water
the state of being rejected.
(cause to) be anxious or preoccupied
In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share.
The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.
A person is singing and playing a guitar
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.
Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
The rhino is grazing on the grass
A fearful little boy is on the ground
The runners are racing around a track
We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable, London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
A woman is being handed volleyballs by another woman
The fish are immobile
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.
freshen, to make fresh; refreshen
A young boy covered in grass is jumping near a wooden fence
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.
A boy is eating a cupcake
bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one.
the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment.
A baseball player hitting the ball
A dog with long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
A woman is not slicing an octopus
a white dog running in the snow
The dogs are playing in the snow.
A man is idling on the floor
a caress with the lips
The muscular man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
drive at an excessive or illegal velocity
The girl in a pink coat and pink boods is wading through a puddle.
A black dog is attacking a brown dog on the sand
an acknowledgment of appreciation.
Nobody is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
A man and a woman dressed as a prisoner and sexy police officer.
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.
a dog nipping at the feet of a cow.
Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.
Many football players sitting on the ground.
Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe
Process, or refine in a reverberating furnace
A child goes skiing.
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.
She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea.
Some people are walking
Someone is stirring chili in a kettle
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
The surfer is in the wave.
A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow
A brown dog is running on a rock.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not          necessarily words); indicate.
Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
treat the body or any part of it by wrapping it, as with blankets or sheets, and applying compresses to it, or stuffing it to provide cover, containment, or therapy, or to absorb blood.
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
The man isn't playing the piano
touch or hold with the hands
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary, said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.
stand with arms or forelegs raised, as if menacing.
A dog is looking around
A woman is cooking food in a pot of hot water
A large brown dog is jumping over a red hurdle
A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge.
There are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background.
Two persons are shaking hands
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.
warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness.
There is no woman snowboarding down an incline and there is no other woman standing behind her
Any address at which one dwells more than temporarily.
A man and a woman are silent
A baby holds a ketchup packet.
the act of dwelling in a place.
On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.
A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow.
a dog runs across the land.
The ice hockey goalkeeper is wearing a yellow jersey and is defending the goal
A dog racing on a track.
An older, balding man falling asleep on a chair in front of bookshelves.
an unpleasant or disappointing surprise.
a full stop, as a punctuation mark
A woman is cleaning a shrimp
A small bird eating from the feeder.
A hockey player in a yellow jersey is guarding the goal
A black and white dog is jumping for a ball
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.
a person or thing in the role of being a replacement for something else
Two brown dogs barking at each other.
A little boy in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
the breakup or termination of a social relationship
A girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter.
A young person in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
A man with equipment used for climbing is hanging from a white, vertical rock.
A little black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
Excuse some minor social infraction; accept    an excuse for something.
The helmeted girl is riding a bike
adhering to moral principles.
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.
Two young boys playing with ducks near the water.
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
make a written note of something
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting listlessly at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
A large wet yellow dog is retrieving a toy
There is no woman peeling a potato
The cat is licking a shallow dish full of milk
An onion is being chopped
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.
Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
suit to a special purpose.
a problem, something wrong
a loud resonant repeating noise.
A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.
A lone bicyclist is putting down a bike
A man is escaping a rising swamp
Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
Sail boat sailing on the water.
a snowboarder jumps into the air.
The cat perched on the table is looking curiously out the window
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
The turtle isn't following the fish
a section of a composition, textual or musical
The girl has red hair and eyebrows, several piercings in a ear and a tattoo on the back
The boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near the stack of blocks on table
A boy is skillfully playing a piano
remove from a contest or race.
A man jumps while on a snowboard.
come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority.
They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case.
Two dogs are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
Children are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
A man is buttering a slice of bread
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.
The man is on the ride with the horse
luggage compartment of a car
a city on the River Thames in Berkshire in southern England.
start to burn or burst into flames.
A soda is being opened and drunk by a woman
A police officer directs traffic on a city street.
There is no man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved, investigation board member Steven Wallace said.
A girl is jumping.
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
A black and white dog stands on the grass with a baseball in his mouth
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.
provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose.
A man is playing a guitar for a little girl in a hospital.
A white horse is standing
A cyclist on a yellow bike is airborne
Limit in quantity or quality.
A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.
A small dog runs through a field.
A person, who is riding a bike, is wearing gear which is black
A boy in a blue shirt and shorts jumping a bike with a ramp.
Consumer groups are against the changes, saying they hurt individuality in markets.
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.
A child is experiencing a new world
One child pushes another on a swing in a playground.
Part, cease, or break association with (something).
There are no white dogs running and jumping along a beach
hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness
The man is drawing
There is no woman firing a rifle
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.
A woman is serving volleyballs over a net
A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.
the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc..
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
The man is playing the guitar
A bird perched on a flowerpot.
Three men eating in a kitchen.
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.
the act of arriving at a certain place
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded
A bee is taking off from a yellow flower
hit a fly (baseball)
Hay is being eaten by a cow
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.
A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow.
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese  roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
activity of selling
A dog jumps high in the snow.
Two baby pandas are playing
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a soccer ball
clear mucus or food from one's throat.
A poor man is being fed snakes and mice
I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job, she said.
A small boy is standing in the forest
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.
A girl sits on a red play structure
A man is making a bed
The bunch of men are playing rugby on a muddy field
One boy is happily playing a piano
A white puppy is biting a pole
Four young men are exploding and a car is standing still behind them
The girl is sitting on the sofa and crocheting
the gradual process of acquiring knowledge.
Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.
A lick of milk sauce is being given to the cat
A woman is walking off a stage
The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.
A small child is showing excitement on a set of swings at the park
A large brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.
the act of describing something.
A man is sitting in a field
A light brown dog is sprinting in the water
Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo.
a collection of things sharing a common attribute.
A jockey rides a horse at a gallop.
the act of applying force to propel something.
A dog runs through the deep snow.
A baby elephant is eating a small tree
A man is carefully climbing a rope
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.
the close approach of one object to another
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.
an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg.
A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.
A list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election.
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread near a woman
A man is kicking a soccer ball
The man and the boy are standing at the bottom of the stairs, which are outdoors
Three dogs play in the grass.
The herd of caribous is crossing a road
to make a great mental or physical effort
A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
A boy is blowing bubbles
A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.
The black dog is climbing on a rock
A woman is putting the baby into a trash can
A woman is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
A man is painting a woman's face
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.
serve as a reason or cause or justification of.
A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
The bicyclist is speeding on a city street
Two tan dogs play in the snow.
There is no man in a suit standing at a microphone and singing
move or execute very quickly or hastily
Something that serves to suggest a certain fact.
A group of people having a meal outside.
Two pandas are not lying together
There is no lady cutting up some meat
Two dogs in water as a man looks on from a dock.
A black and white dog swimming in clear water.
do something that one considers to be below one's dignity.
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
A skateboarder sliding on a rail.
(finally) do something or be somewhere
A woman is wearing an Indian headdress
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.
An email is being read by a man
About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
a chance to do something.
Four people are walking across thick snow and the sun is setting
At 12:10 p.m. EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29.
Place limits on; form the boundary of or be contiguous to.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at day
A cyclist is performing a jump on a bicycle
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.
A dog has run into the water to catch a ball in his mouth.
The men are not playing soccer
A brown dog is running through tall green grass
The man is doing exercises
A little boy in red clothes is jumping into the air
a black dog digging through the snow.
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.
the trait of being well behaved.
A woman is cutting a vegetable
Two large persons are standing near a park bench and they have nothing between them
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."
A brown dog is jumping in the air
a quantity that is an approximate calculation
Prove or suggest to be false or incorrect.
BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
An animal is crawling under a piece of furniture
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth funnily
stain with a dirty substance
A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar
hurl as if with a sling.
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
The boy in blue is running away from the woman in blue
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP:8316: news, chart, profile) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen.
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
the act of choosing or selecting.
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.
the force by which one object attracts another.
A man asleep in a chair holding a baby.
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.
Make fine adjustments to for optimal    operation; adjust to a certain scale.
A woman is shooting at target practice
(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.
The dog is running in the grass.
Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach
collect discarded or refused material.
Somebody is cutting a tomato
The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
sell or transport an item or idea abroad
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
A dog jumps off the stairs.
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are watching
Bread is being sliced by the man
decree, issue an order
A young woman is shaking hands with a man
an established linear path of travel
a large approximate quantity of some attribute or thing
A woman is dancing beautifully in a cage
three black dogs swimming in dirty water
(cause to) move gently back and forth
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
a border or boundary of an object
A man is shooting with a bow
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV.
The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus.
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
lock with one another
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
be the host of or for.
A surfer is surfing a small wave
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.
something with no concrete substance.
speed up the process of
A little girl in a dress playing with a soccer ball.
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it.
People are dangling from straps and kicking at each other
Close up of a bottle of water.
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building.
The lion is pacing tiredly in the pen
A man and woman blow bubbles.
Three men and a woman are posing for a picture
A wooden bicycle with an awning.
A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth.
cause to become awake or alert
exceed or surpass, go beyond, be greater than something
women's sleeveless undergarment
A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
A man and a woman on a bench.
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
A man is going into the water
A man is ignoring a girl via an internet camera
A girl is brushing her hair
Two women sitting on couch posing for camera.
There is no man eating cereal
perform a duty
A man is closing a hole in a piece of wood
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
A climbing boy rescues the fearful cat from over the wall
A young lady in a bikini is lying on the beach
A clown is singing and people are dancing
the act of making or enacting laws.
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.
The cop is not sitting on a police bike
A man in a blue shirt holding a camera.
The bicyclist is not riding on a city street
The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the court
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom.
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
the state of being employed
thread on or as if on a string.
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.
There is no white dog standing on the leaves on the ground
a major branch of a tree
A person is listening to a trumpet playing
Someone is folding a piece of paper
A young girl is using sign language
Two men are standing in the ocean
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
A parrot is speaking
Rollerbladers are rolling in formation down a hill
There is no dog excitedly playing with water in the grass
There is no woman breaking eggs in a bowl
The white puppies are playing on a couch with a baby bottle.
A dog is running through a field and is chasing a ball
A woman is rocking over a blanket lying on someone reading a book
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
terminate an association with.
Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
The company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $8.98.
A man is shooting a shotgun
One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
A keyboard is being played by a man
Three men are sitting on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
to compel or deter by or as if by threats.
The elephant is being ridden by the woman
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.
Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.
A dog is crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
A woman is walking with a pair of dogs
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
the state of being depleted.
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
give a neat appearance to, neaten
A black dog jumps in the snow.
A person in a pink jacket is running onto the field
Three dogs are up to their necks in water.
A person on a yellow clean bike is taking a jump
the occupants who dwell on a level of a building
reach or come to rest.
There is no man diving off a cliff
A man with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
There is no man pouring liquid into a pot
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.
a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics.
A man in a red jacket is standing next to a yellow kayak on some rocks by the ocean
confine in or as if in a prison
A father is launching the daughter in a swimming pool
A young boy is leaping from one chair to another.
A man is rinsing a large piece of meat
A black and white dog carries a white Frisbee over the grass.
A prawn is being cut by a woman
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
Two dogs playing on the shore.
a black dog swimming through a river.
free from obligations or duties.
The girl likes red and isn't wearing beads for teenagers
A man is carelessly holding a frog
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color.
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves.
A girl in blue is sliding down a slide
A woman is frying something in a pan
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
the end or completion of something.
The girl is wearing a white shirt and a pink skirt, and is standing in front of a house
A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office.
Provoke someone to do something through (often exaggerated or false) promises or persuasion.
Woman at table busy with something.
defining, distinctive form or shape of something
the translation of an opus from one language to another
The horse is leaping over the rider at the barrier
A person is boiling noodles
A monkey is wading through a river
a concentrated example of something.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.
a black and brown dog is running across a muddy field.
The man is dancing
A social gathering of people in a restaurant.
Two brown dogs run through the grass.
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks.
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
A woman and a dog are sitting on a tree stump
A man in a black jacket is holding a microphone toward a young girl with long brown hair.
A man is stopping a horse
Two BMX bikers jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water.
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
The dog is running through the dry sand
One man is passionately playing the guitar
The person is not slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
Two young women sit by a fountain.
A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.
A cat is eating corn on the cob
draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs.
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.
put or set into, between or among
a train in a station.
Dogs are running on a track
cover or swamp with water.
have a strong desire or urge to do something.
A man is praying fervently
relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn.
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore.
The singer is playing the guitar at an acoustic concert for a woman
A close-up of a yellow school bus.
A man climbing a cliff face.
a dog stands in the white snow.
The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
A hose is being held by a boy next to a man and another boy is watching
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
A dog is running through tall grass.
Some women are talking
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.
A man is wearing a hard hat and dancing
a young child running along the shore at a beach
A musician is playing a keyboard
A man is doing a skateboard trick on a park porch
The black and white dog runs through the grass.
Two people are riding motorbikes
But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition.
stretch out completely.
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
activity of extracting ore or other matter from the ground
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.
A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street.
Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
make a prediction about; tell in advance.
Two brown and black dogs run through the dry grass.
abandon the intended prey, turn, and pursue an inferior prey.
A brown dog is running through a snowy trail
A little dog is sprinting and its owner is trying to catch it
Two small children are playing with a toy car in the street
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.
Someone is adding ingredients to a pot
A woman resting her face on her hand.
An onion is being sliced by a man
The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive.
A dog nips at the leg of a horse.
The soccer player is kicking the ball between somebody's legs
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
the state of being in effect or being operative.
A brown dog in a field.
The girl in a dyed red shirt isn't blowing a bubble
A man is folding a tortilla
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
The dog is biting some droplets of water
White cat sitting inside of a sink.
A man in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
terminate, end, or take out.
Two blond girls are playing together.
A dog is running on the beach.
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.
Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
The bicyclist is riding on a city street
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.
someone who plays a principal role
A dog is running on the sea shore
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
separate or cause to separate abruptly.
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.
There is no man speaking
decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.
A group of boys in a yard is playing and a man is standing in the background
Three dark dogs swimming and one of them has a ball.
In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.
The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during competition Wednesday.
refer for judgment or consideration.
Nobody is brushing a cat
The person is writing with a pencil
A girls is jumping in the sand.
A hiker with a backpack is up on a misty mountain top.
A yellow dog in the snow.
sound with resonance.
A yellow dog is not drinking water from the faucet
an unofficial association of people or groups.
The meat is being dropped into a pan
A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by a woman
Young man in a black shirt smokes on a sofa in a colorful room
Two young boys are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.
We're being hyper-vigilant, said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
A man is dropping the guitar
The woman is looking at the view of a city
John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
The boy isn't playing in the mud
A child is not playing slip and slide in the grass
fruit cooked down with sugar, jam
A man on a motorcycle is doing a trick
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.
A man is pouring oil into a skillet
A kid is sitting wearing swim gear
A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.
A person is riding a bike along a muddy trail
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.
Some people are treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.
Two large park benches have a person sitting and a bottle of soda between them
A man is eating a fruit
Four dogs are not playing in a grassy area
determine or indicate the place, site, or limits of, as if by an instrument or by a survey.
the lowest wage that an employer is allowed to pay; determined by contract or by law.
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
People at a drag race are looking at the flames that are coming out of the cars
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.
The singer is hiring a person to fire the guitar player
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera.
The woman is slicing an onion
A dog has its head outside a red and green gift bag
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a signboard 
We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy, said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director.
the crown of a flowering plant
secrete or form water
The flute is being played by a woman
The violin is being played by a woman
There are no soccer players kicking a soccer ball into the goal
A computer on a desk.
A man is standing on a roof top and playing a violin
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a band
A sea turtle is hunting for fish
A group of people is holding drinks and pointing at the camera
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.
A skateboarder is falling off a half pipe
the act of applying force suddenly.
pass into a state or condition
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.
Black and white cow standing in grassy field.
A girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
The dog is not catching a blue ball
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.
A little boy is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
use resources or materials
A brown puppy chewing on a stick.
An airplane is flying through the air
Two dogs playing by the shore.
The small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.
A man is driving a car
limit in quality or quantity.
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
A boy is doing tricks with his bike on the ramp.
three black and white dogs running through a watery field.
A dog with a golden coat is in the water
prove capable or fit; meet requirements.
Two children are playing in the surf
A man on a motorcycle is riding on a track and waving
One person pours oil on a few tomatoes
A woman is eating a piece of meat
Two young girls are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is walking near a rocky wall
A girl is playing on a swing.
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.
A young boy wearing glasses has his hair set to stand up.
The rider is biking in the rain and wearing a red jacket
Nobody is sitting in the chairs and watching the ocean
A dog is near a ball colored in red, which is in the air
reach a destination or goal
A means or agency by which something is communicated.
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an European state
The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
Two children and an adult are standing next to a tree limb
write as if with print, not in cursive
give pleasure to or be pleasing to.
A fur scarf is being held by an Asian woman
either half of an archery bow
An old person is sitting on a bench
A movement (physical or abstract) back from an impact.
leave isolated with little hope of rescue
maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings).
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines, said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections.
There is no man playing soccer
The children are wearing black tights and hopping
A child in light colored clothing is lying with his arms crossed
Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."
Two boys are jumping into a pool.
A kitten is getting bored
The writing is about a person penciling
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.
A man is cutting a potato
Revenues for "The Hulk" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, "X2: X-Men United," which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend.
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
put in a dangerous position
There is no woman cooking a breaded pork chop
Man in yellow canoe paddling through water.
the act of allowing, bestowing something
the act of planning or deliberating
A brown dog is running in the grass.
The men are putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.
reduce the price of something
A dog carries a stick through the woods.
A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks.
a man is standing in front of a skyscraper
a rationale or reason for something
the rescue or release of someone, something
a military aircraft that drops ordinance
the complete haploid sequence of DNA of an organism
dysfunction or ailment of the heart
A person is standing on a mountain top
cease to operate or cause to cease operating.
difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension.
A family is playing on the beach with their dog.
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.
Two large dogs running in some grass.
A man is playing a small flute
A person in a blue colored jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, doesn't look surprised
A group of people ride in a race
The woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
turn in to get something in exchange
A man is not drawing on a digital dry erase board
A colored toy is being carried by a brown dog in the grass
A person is crouching and holding a camera
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
give a specific interpretation to
a straightaway section of a racetrack.
Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.
Kids playing ball in the park.
A man is disassembling the drum
A room with four computer monitors in a row.
communicate or signal with a flag.
But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm.
The person is not going into the water
The person is doing a handstand on the beach.
Little girl jumping in water puddle
Two dogs are running through a green yard
act of becoming distant, moving away from
A deer is standing inside a fence
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
The white bird is landing swiftly in the water
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
Create a coating for something.
Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.
A brown and white dog is jumping over an obstacle
A racquet is being held by a tennis player in mid game
Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant.
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
a loss of function
flog or whip
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."
five people standing on a sidewalk
become inflated.
A large green colored ball is hitting a potato
A man is standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
The big white dog is running in the grass.
keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.
oppose, as in hostility or a competition.
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a green toy.
the state of being retained
make coincide in time or operation
Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.
A man is stopping in the middle of a road
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with a webcam
A boy is running through the sand
travel in front of, be first, precede
A living room with a dining table in the background.
A brown dog runs through the water in the ocean.
The lady is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate.
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.
A lion is tiring the whole pen by pacing
A woman is squeezing a lemon
lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing, thinking, or speaking.
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.
symbolize, serve as an example of
pass over, across, or through.
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
an attempt or effort to achieve a goal
A dog and a black man are running through brown leaves
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.
show submission or fear.
to be on base at the end of an inning, of a player.
A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.
There is no snowboarder jumping off the snow
Crowd gathered in streets waving brightly colored flags.
A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
A boy is playing a keyboard
Write differently or alter a piece or writing, perhaps to suit a different purpose.
A person is cleaning a pot of cooking oil
The man is chopping the trunk of a tree with an axe
Two dogs are battling for a frisbee in a lake
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.
A rider is waving at a surfer
There is no monkey wading through a marsh
A man is cutting a paper plate
lengthen or extend in duration or space.
stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation
A woman is sitting and looking at the waterfall
burn slightly to affect color
The men are acting on a stage
Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
A few animals are out of the water
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.
cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition.
A dog is walking in a tire track in the snow.
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
cook slowly for a long time in liquid
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
The child is splashing water in a pool
An Arabic man is wearing a white hat
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday.
a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.
someone who takes photographs professionally.
Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
Two kids are pushing past a crocodile in an inflatable pool
move to a lower position, terminate something
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.
a person who is in charge.
A group of kids is playing in a yard and an old man is standing in the background
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are enthusiastically tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
income collected as tax by a government
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.
A boy is jumping off the side of a water fountain made of stone in front of a building
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
A man is putting away a guitar
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a funny face
A group of dogs bred for racing is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.
be worthy of or have a certain rating.
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed.
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.
A group of people is holding food and pointing at the camera
the state of having options, alternatives
People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
No little dog is running on the sand
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.
Five people are running with three dogs in the green field beside the road
surround completely.
The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22.
In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.
Turn the paddle or oar.
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States, Moqtada al-Sadr said.
A man is riding a kayak through water.
bedclothes consisting of a lightweight cloth covering (an afghan or bedspread) that is casually thrown over something.
A group of people are marching
A man riding a white horse.
A person jumping a motorbike in the air.
secrete or form water, as tears or saliva.
cause to be perplexed or confounded.
stain with a dirty substance, such as soot.
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.
A lemon is being squeezed by a woman
A topless woman is being covered in mud
A little dog is running on the sand
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.
A man in green is kicking a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.
A man is skiing down a snowy mountain
A train is running down the track in a rural area.
a fixed entrance fee to a club or venue
Some food is being fried by a woman
There are no football players in red and white jumping and hugging each other
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
the state of being employed or having a job.
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
A dog laying down on a green cushion.
Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
A young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels
The young boys are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
A group of men in suits are standing in front of a statue of a lion.
The friends are making faces for the camera
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
A man is fitting a silencer to a pistol
to make ready, fit out
A girl in a band is playing the flute
Some kids play in a field.
A dog is playing on the green grass
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it, she said.
Two black, wet dogs running on grass.
A brown and black dog walks in the white snow.
The woman in the white sweater is not drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
A woman is restraining the dog
Some women are dancing
A woman is firing at target practice
cover with a protective sheathing.
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
A person who is practicing snowboarding jumps into the air
A black dog is walking along rocky terrain
The women are divinely dancing outside
Two teams are competing in a baseball game
the upper part of anything.
Sign language is being used by a young girl
A dog with a ball is being chased in the grass
The military officer is shouting at the recruits
take vows, join or allow to join a religious order
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand.
A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race.
Some people are singing
There is no person peeling an onion
A man in a red uniform is swiftly making a jump in a dirt bike race
the statement of a theme in notes of lesser duration (usually half the length of the original).
Kids playing tag football.
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.
It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better.
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a friend
an indication of damage.
settlement of people distant from their homeland
A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.
Three Asian kids are dancing and a man is looking
A man is cutting a tree with an axe
a region allocated to hold something
A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass.
recite as a chant, intone
The woman is cooking something
a long, thin implement, usually made of wood
A man is slicing a carrot with a knife
Cut into, possibly creating something new.
the state of being angry.
a young man wearing a green shirt in jumping in the air
Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
A skier about to go down the mountain.
A brown and black dog is looking upwards
Two dogs are running quickly through a park
read or conform to the metrical pattern of
A man and a woman are shaking hands
There is no man shooting a shotgun
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.
A man is standing in water near a waterfall.
A soccer player in a red uniform just kicked a ball.
A large white dog is jumping in the air over an area covered by snow
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
A kid is playing the guitar
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97.
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.
The bike rider is not looking at the accident of another bike rider
Three people in a glass structure.
A boy in his teens isn't talking to a girl with a webcam
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.
A man and his dog play tug of war with a rope.
There is no woman dancing and singing in the rain
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
the degree or amount of something
the controlling component of a grammatical constituent
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photograph
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.
A dog is running through the snow.
A black dog is running in the grass
An old man with a grey beard is riding a bike
a demanding or stimulating situation.
The woman is putting pasta into a dish
A dog pants while standing in the woods.
A boy is not playing a guitar
recognize, be familar or well-versed with
Two goats standing in a field by a tree.
The boy is pushing a girl on a swing outside.
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.
A man with a camera is studying the subject
A little brown and white dog is running on the road
A small girl is riding in a toy car
go on a campaign or off to war
A social climber is tying a man to a cliff with a rope
A man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by the woman
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.
the act of pulling a load
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.
Some liquid is being poured into a pan by a man
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
Black and white cow standing near pile of snow.
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
Older woman holding newborn baby.
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
A man is standing near a bike and is writing on a piece paper
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.
A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area.
A woman in blue shirt is looking at her hand near a stack of blocks on table
Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
the act of explaining; making something plain or intelligible.
The guitar player is loving one girl
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
Five adults are sitting on steps made of stone
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
Two girls walking in the ocean.
A man is participating in a bmx race
The man is climbing up a rope
A black dog bounds through a path in the snow.
A grey hound is active in a grassy field.
A lean dog runs through green grass.
The woman is picking up a baby kangaroo
Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.
The group of Asian girls are standing together
A brown and white dog is not running through the river
Depressed woman sitting on couch.
(cause to) come apart, separate, or split
The large beige dog is running through the grass.
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in a strange position
the quality of being useful for something
(law) a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something.
No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
A frog is being handled by the woman
Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team.
move in such a way as to avoid
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
an electronic memory device.
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
A dog is running with a ball
The young boy is not running through the ocean waves
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the water
A girl is playing on a toy phone
The woman surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
A group of football players is running in the field
A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.
A group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting.
Ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
Two dogs playing in grass.
Make or create something for a specific function.
The boy is playing the piano
have a disagreement over something.
There is no woman deep frying food
pass the tongue over, take up with the tongue
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.
Two women are sparring in a kickboxing match
A yellow dog is stopping on white snow on a sunny day
A dog sleeping under a table.
A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.
Two brown dogs are biting on a black Frisbee.
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in an uncomfortable position
The black bird is sitting comfortably in a leafless tree
A little boy with a bib is watching the camera
duplicate or match.
The air is tricking a performing cyclist
Old green bottle sitting on a table.
A person is climbing a snowy mountain.
(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.
A large dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
the act of giving a speech
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke
The kid, who is doing magic, is tricking an old man
The man is eating
furnish with spars.
The large brown dog is running outdoors in the dirt
People are standing on an escalator moving up.
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.
People is standing against a wall
There is no window being cleaned by a man
cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
A bowl of soup is being cleaned by a chef
make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants.
[provide with a new or different resting place
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side.
A mental state of sadness.
A woman is slicing a potato
A woman is tapping her fingers
A black and white dog is dropping a baseball from its mouth
the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order.
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.
A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
There is no person riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
(Cause to) be firmly attached or closed.
A man is preparing some dish
Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat.
A person is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.
Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
Two basketball players are scrambling for the ball on the court
A bicycle in front of some ruins.
The dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
the component of the aerodynamic forces acting on an airfoil that opposes gravity.
A boy is playing guitar
a wet dog chasing a white ball
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.
A man is not cutting a potato
a lid or top of a container
the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.
Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth".
The bicycle is being ridden by a man wearing a beret on a recreation trail
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.
Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth.
Two people are looking at a statue made of gold
His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
There is no man writing a note near a bike
A lady is cutting up some meat
A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow.
the act of choosing among alternatives
A man and a woman are walking together through the woods
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange Frisbee.
A dog is herding a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorbike in a field which is mostly barren
There is no woman playing a guitar
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.
per centum
The men are fighting with their fists in a ring
narrative or account, intended as factual reporting
A girl does a back bend on the beach.
A man is repairing tiles with his hands
the act of pressing together firmly
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.
A black and white dog is running through the field.
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.
A dog lies at the front of a boat headed into the fog.
A man is doing back flips on a trampoline
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.
Two people are driving a jeep and a lady is sitting on the top of it
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.
It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, says one banker.
the hard upper part of the human nose
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are fighting in the backyard
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.
spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts.
A woman is gracefully dancing on a stage
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
A group of men is playing with a ball on the beach
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from          pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.
This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement.
A woman is putting on makeup carefully
use up (resources or materials).
Two brown dogs are playing with a frisbee in the water
Remove tree stumps from an area.
sway to and fro.
Release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition (perhaps in a metaphorical sense)
take apart into constituent pieces
rein in a horse to lose a race
People ride up an escalator.
BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult.
A rock is being climbed by a person with a rope, which is pink
A black and white dog is carrying a huge stick on the green grass
beat thoroughly in a competition or fight
have or contain a certain wording or form.
persuade somebody to accept something.
A person has blonde and flyaway hair and is playing a guitar
The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff's office.
Red double decker bus.
Take away a vital or essential part of          something.
the state of being covered with unclean things.
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.
A carrot is being sliced into pieces by a person
Generally unwantedand often pornographic or with fraudulent intent spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes.
Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.
A woman is ignoring a man
A young boy with painted face is standing next to some other children
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
live in the bushes as a fugitive or guerilla
Cite as an authority; resort to (as in an argument).
a crowd of people are gathered in the street waving Irish flags.
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine.
Physically attach to something.
A man is riding the animal
Two teenage girls are texting in the park.
A woman is using a machine made for sewing
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
start suddenly, as from fright.
Red double decker bus driving down street.
get or extort (money or other possessions) from someone.
The man is walking along a track through the wilderness
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.
continue a certain state, condition, or activity.
make pure or free from sin
The person is eating
nations unified by shared interests, history or institutions
The man is playing a harp
A person is shirtless and is putting down the beer
The government did not identify the taikonauts  a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space  who would travel on the second mission.
A dog runs through a very wooded area.
The man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another person
There is no person wearing grey pants who is airborne on a snowboard
A person is wearing a red jacket and holding a beer
Five cows are grazing beside the road.
A camera is being hammered onto the nail by the man
A white racing vehicle is driving through a puddle
A woman is chopping broccoli
A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.
According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.
China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
There is no person kicking a soccer ball between somebody's feet
Two children are playing in a green boat on the grass.
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy.
Jeremy's a good guy, Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.
prove to be false or incorrect.
cause to become ice or icy.
A golden dog is running on the grass.
the phenomenon of a propagating wave (light or sound) being thrown back from a surface.
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.
actors in a play
an explanation or alibi for something
A man and woman sit on a car and watch the road.
institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against.
None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.
Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer, it said.
recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.
A boy plays baseball.
The lady is peeling the potato
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
A young boy jumping into a lake.
A guinea pig is devouring a carrot
A boy is standing in the cold water
There is no milk being drunk by a cat
A young child is holding onto the back of a wicker chair.
cause to march or go at a marching pace.
A young child is splashing in the water
The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
Two dogs playing or fighting in the snow.
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
an instrument of torture applied to foot and leg
There is no man playing a guitar
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, he said during a press briefing at the hospital.
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.
A cute panda is not lying down
A harp is being played with a hat by a man
We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.	We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
prove or corroborate
My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.
A black rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.
Left side of a silver train engine.
A brown dog is running along a beach.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.
A black and white dog is biting onto a stick in the water.
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
continue to live, exist, or prosper
The potato isn't being peeled by a woman
The cat is playing with a watermelon
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a day full of sun
A football player is running past an official carrying a football
Two children are peering over a rusty ledge
The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.
A man is performing a handstand on the beach
A man is riding a horse
Two beige dogs play in the grass.
a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement.
The man is seasoning the meat
to say, state, or perform again.
Skiiers on a snowy mountain.
I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic, Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
Force to go away by blinking one eye.
It's not zero, said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
A small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach.
A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
The cat is licking a bottle
A classroom full of students is looking attentively in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
Two dogs play in shallow water.
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
move, transfer or carry something or someone
A small boy in blue crawls along a window sill.
Two men are fighting in a pasture for cows
A side view of a horse's head.
A woman is pouring ingredients into a bowl
the front face of a building
The man on stage is singing into the microphone
Two dogs are playing together on the grass
Nobody is floating on a raft
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
A toy train is striking a toy car
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.
the alleviation of distress
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.
Someone is holding a small animal
Somebody is playing the guitar
A surfer is falling off the wave
The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.
The silver train is parked in a station.
A man in black shaving a ice sculpture.
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.
There is no man playing the guitar
A man's face is being painted by a woman
There is no monkey teasing a dog at the zoo
A person is standing near a motorcycle
the event of something burning (often destructive).
A man with a white moustache is standing on a balcony and is looking at the road below
the act of indicating or pointing out by name.
A dig is trekking through snow.
A man is spreading dough
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
The dog is running across the gravel
A woman is cracking some eggs into a bowl
someone (or something) on which expectations are centered.
The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
An airplane is taking off
A man is standing still
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
A surfer in a black wetsuit is riding a foamy wave
The woman is dancing
The deer is not jumping over the fence
A gray cat laying on a brown table.
the solid part of the earth's surface.
A chubby faced boy is wearing sunglasses
a social system of production, distribution and consumption
One white dog and one black one are sitting side by side on the grass
The three children are standing on and by a fence.
Two girls sit at a table outdoors and give their order to the waiter.
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.
the general outward appearance of something.
supply food ready to eat; for parties and banquets.
exercise, or have the power of, memory.
Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.
exempt or free from a burden, duty, or requirement
A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.
An animal is biting a person's finger
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.
Small children are getting off a statue in a park
Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
feel about or towards; consider, evaluate, or regard.
The man is kick boxing with a trainer
A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.
The woman is waterskiing
A surfer on a wave.
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
A female wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow
St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture.
The hungry woman is eating
An elegant woman is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
be the deciding factor in a state of affairs or an outcome
close with a snapping motion.
Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction, Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.
The men are in the suitcases that are being packed in the trunk of a car
But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
The skier is doing a flip through some trees
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.
give pleasure, satifaction, or happiness; be pleasing to
A group of people are dancing
have trust in; trust in the truth or veracity of.
make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating.
It's a huge black eye, said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.
There is no woman tapping her fingers
Two brown dogs running through water.
A black girl with no bikini is wearing a hat at the beach
move to and fro.
Be reflected as heat, light, or shock waves;.
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
Carrots are being grated by a woman
Two small children walking in a field.
A person is not chopping an onion
There is no man holding a sign and seeking money
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate.
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
The lady is breaking eggs that are raw into a bowl
Yellow boat on a beach.
A white dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life.
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.
a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something.
A man is walking in a yard
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
A man is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
The act of moving in a hurried manner.
Perform an action with an intent to deceive.
A dog running on the grass.
regulate or set the time of (a clock)
Four dogs playing in the snow.
A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle
the act of decreasing something markedly.
An officer is listening to the recruits
A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
A woman is dancing
Pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.
The priest is walking down the aisle to marry a couple
A young girl is diving into a pile of brown leaves in the yard.
Three children playing on rocks near a lake
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.
a woman's sleeveless undergarment.
Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
Travel on foot.
a blond girl doing a handstand on a beach
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.
A boy is spanking a man with a plastic sword
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.
The woman is wearing glasses and a black headdress
A horse is racing
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.
(cause to) survive
A train is at a train station.
When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
A group of people playing football is running in the field
Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.
A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.
A brown dog swimming in murky water.
the act of chipping something.
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
A man is dancing in the rain
The mock explosion of a radioactive "dirty bomb," the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area.
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.
The panda bear is not lying on the logs
A dog is emerging from a lake
have a monopoly of; control fully
the shape of a wave in a given period of time
The woman is not handling a frog
A man in red takes cell phone pictures at a football game.
A young man is sitting on a bench
The woman is holding a whole tomato
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them.
A dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a red Frisbee.
A sports team poses on the field.
A man and a woman are walking down the street of a city
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.
Dogs in a race.
contrast with equal weight or force.
A waterfall is flowing out of a shallow pool
the amount that can be contained.
A baby trying to catch water from a fountain in his mouth
a well-known or notable person.
provide with a new seat.
the quality of being significant.
A girl is not playing the guitar
A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle.
There is no group of racing dogs wearing striped uniforms and running down a track
determine the essential quality of.
Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.
Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
A blonde in green is sitting by a swinging boy
A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus radio.
A dog jumps through a hoop.
The elderly person is waiting a lady on the sidewalk
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
The food on the trays is being eaten by the kittens
A cat is playing with a watermelon
This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally, Judge Denny Chin scoffed.
the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport.
Four people standing outside of an outdoor ticket booth.
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.
The windows are being polished by a man
Children looking a sheep.
Beat or hit (as if) with a whip.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588.
Two children and an adult are not standing next to a tree limb
A woman is riding an animal
A big black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
apply a plaster cast to.
A woman is skillfully playing a flute
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
The dog is running into a brown light
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.
A sad family is posing by the fireplace
Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.
train, tutor or polish social behavior, taste, judgement
care about, be bothered by, be concerned by
A person is cutting an onion into pieces
physically inflate
combine so as to form a more complex product
A boy is knocking a dog with a bottle of water
A man is running
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
presentation of a musical theme
provide a seat or base for
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
cause (a liquid) to leach or percolate.
The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million.
overflow with a certain feeling.
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.
find out or be informed of a new information, understand or realize
A man and woman sit on a park bench.
I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules, Parrish said.
dress in a certain manner.
Three boys are resting on rocks along a river
cover with liquid before cooking.
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
A person is looking at a bike designed for motocross that is lying on its side and another is racing by
A bird is resting its wings in the water
A dog running along a fence on a dirt track.
(cause to) become less intense or strict
With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a small city
class of students taught together
A girl riding a brown horse.
The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.
A person is sitting in a field and is wearing a hat
the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable).
give, dedicate, pledge
Child sliding in the snow.
A skateboarder in mid-air above an indoor ramp.
The woman is adding sugar to the meat slowly
become liquid or fluid when heated.
Two women sheering a sheep.
The girl is sitting on top of a saddle.
A red two story bus driving along the street.
A few people are dancing
reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a loss.
cause a sharp or stinging pain to
A person is holding up an electronic device
Boat sails in rough water.
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.
A sports uniform is being worn by a man who is running down the field
A lean dog runs through a wooded area.
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.
White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence.
A child is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping down from a rock
One girl is jumping on the car
The men are performing on stage
A child is sitting in a red and yellow toy car
show to be invalid.
A black dog standing in a grassy area.
opening shot in billiards or pool
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
A laptop computer and a computer monitor.
But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, he said.
White dog outside with two people in background.
A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement.
The man in the hat is smoking a straw cigarette
They were tossed around like feathers, Gordon said.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters.
a long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow.
One man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a wall made of bricks and playing an instrument
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.
A man is cutting a cord with a sword
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.
Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick.
A child is hitting a baseball
A dog comes out of the water with a ball in his mouth.
The boy is not cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
situate, position, come to rest
A black dog walks through some water.
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.
Two Orthodox priests stand on the steps outside a church.
a sharp bladed instrument for shaving off hair
cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the water
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
A cruise ship docked at a coast.
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
the act of putting something somewhere.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
become long or longer.
meshed frame over windows and doors
hunt for hawks
The green field for horse races is completely full of Jockeys
raise to a higher energy level.
A girl dances on a sidewalk.
There is no monkey pulling a dog's tail
A group of five young adults are lounging indoors
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping behind a water fountain
Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene.
Three children playing in snow.
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
A tennis player with a green headband is hitting the ball
a recurrent artistic theme or pattern
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.
A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served.
A woman on a boulder is lying on a blanket and reading a book
A big dog is running on the ground
any new participant in some activity.
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday.
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field.
person who manages money in board games
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.
A man is having fun with water
Two dogs run towards shore through shallow water.
A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother.
Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach.
the particular portion of space occupied by something.
A person is playing a piano
the act of administering medication.
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
Two men are playing table football
a man doing a trick on skateboard
A man is passionately playing the guitar
A red sports car driving quickly on a track.
Nobody is in the snow wearing clothes that provide camouflage
a loss entailed by giving up or selling something at less than its value.
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.
A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera.
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking area full of rocks
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond.
A small dog is lying on a bed
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it
There is no man rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
The white and brown dog is running through the grass.
separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements.
Two people run in the sand at the beach.
A man looking at a red motorcycle.
A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is not pulling up
A man is diving off a rock
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
A girl in blue is sliding down a green slide
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
Three men are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
A man with tattoos is holding a couch with a pencil
a momentary brightness.
cause to overturn from an upright or normal position.
the act of taking an offer
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.
a man in a grey t shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall.
A man is being hit by a kid with a weapon
A girl is skipping rope in a park
Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
A white train pulling into a station.
a state of order in which events conform to the law.
A white plane on the runway.
A man is reloading a shotgun
Two dogs play together in the yard.
A squirrel is crazily spinning around in circles
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.
behave in a certain way.
A brown dog is running through a snowy path
Two girls lean around a tree, laughing.
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.
The girl is lounging
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.
perceive with the senses quickly, suddenly, or momentarily.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a crocodile float that is green
A dog running through deep snow pack.
Nobody is fist fighting in a ring
A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.
A bald man is taking shots of a body of water from a camera.
A man is fixing a silencer to a gun
More forward in a leaping or skipping manner.
The girl is watering the plants
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.
Nobody is folding a piece of paper
assign to a specific task.
an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity.
A man is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
a solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides).
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
a prominent attribute or aspect of something.
a person who takes pictures, often a professional
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.
A red, double-decker bus.
The man is not hammering a nail with a camera
The protesters denounced the country's supreme leader, hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.
Two women sitting outside laughing.
A dog is chasing another and is holding a piece of wood in its mouth
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
Two men stand juggling colored boxes while other men stand on a balcony.
A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open.
A dalmation is running along the beach.
Two teams are playing soccer
Two dogs playing on grass.
apply a thin coating of paint, metal, etc., to.
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
One man is leading the race
A dog is walking along a snowdrift
The bald eagle is perched on a rope.
something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary).
Influence or control skillfully and often deviously.
Two children are walking on a sidewalk wearing yellow and red backpacks.
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
A guy is leaping into the air in a wooded area
Mimes are performing on a stage
Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).
Two children ride saucers down a snowy hill.
BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
a surrogate expression, utterance for a taboo word
A tiger cub is making a sound
walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud.
A black and white dog is running through a snowy field.
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.
Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop.
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
(cause to) become even or level
Fly in or on a glider plane
Two kids laying on a bed upside down
A tennis player hitting the ball.
A man is moving gracefully
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
have a logical result
Nobody is in front of the colorful building
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
A man and a woman are driving down the road in an open-air vehicle
A person is pouring olive oil into the stove from a pot
Guitar is being played by a man
Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap.
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
cause to come to the ground.
There is no dog standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
There is no man exercising
A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care.
A white airplane is parked on the cement.
Three boys are jumping in the leaves
a home furnishing that is a fabric cover
Two women are sitting in a cafe.
There is no one sitting in lawn chairs and reading books
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.
cause to become alive again.
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.
give to a charity or good cause.
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity
exist in a certain manner, mode, or style
supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.
In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing in the garden
stamp or emboss with a block
hold in a given state or situation
A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.
A white dog snarls at a black dog in front of a set of steps.
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.
the act of providing a subsidy.
A man is sitting comfortably at a table
Men standing in front of a statue of a lion.
A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle.
A young man with brown hair and shades is sitting in front of some cans of soda
The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week.
A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree.
A bicycle is being ridden by a man
InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
move very slightly.
Domestic cat looking out window.
a competitor most likely to win
A child in light colored clothing is standing with his arms extended outward
A brown dog is laying in the snow.
Dog sniffing another dog lying under furniture.
The family is posing by a mantel and a Christmas tree
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy shore
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way, he said.
There is no woman dancing in a cage
a person under the guardianship or custody of another
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
There is no man playing a game on the grass
The small boy is standing in the forest
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.
The man is not kick boxing with a trainer
A girl does a handstand on a trampoline.
Little boys are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
The rhino is being fed on the grass
idolize/show devotion to
Two teammates are lifting a football player in a red and white uniform
Two cats are looking at a window.
Two cows standing in a large field.
A boy is looking at a calendar
Two large black dogs run through the snow.
A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.
undergo (as of injuries and illnesses).
The little girl is swinging and the woman is standing behind her
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
A dog chases another by a tree.
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.
creating a picture with paints.
A dog with something pink in it's mouth is looking forward.
There is no cat playing with a device
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.
A baby rhino is following an adult rhino
make less hostile; win over.
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.
Some sticky goo is being pulled out of a bowl by a woman
a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number).
make small marks into the surface of.
A thin lady is piecing together oriental carrot cuts
hold or carry in equilibrium.
More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.
Two men are battling
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.
the act of advocating or promoting something
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.
possibility for the future
A man and a woman are walking nicely
Expose to air as to cool, freshen, or allow to escape.
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.
Three men are jumping off a tall wall
Either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided, or key properties that distinguish the categories.
Two dogs running through a field.
People sitting on a couch laugh.
I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers, said McKechnie.
become wrinkled or crumpled or creased.
A group of children wearing the same clothes is waiting at a gate and one is kissing the mother
The act of transporting goods commerically at rates cheaper than express rates.
make a channel for; provide with a channel.
A black and tan dog sleeps in the car.
A black topless person is packing a pile of rocks and a front of clouds are in the background
A woman in riding a brown horse.
Three young men are running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine
Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
A man is having lunch
rotary motion of an object around its own axis.
Two boys on a couch are reading a book
The machine is not shaving a pencil
Two boys in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism, Mr Howard said.
A small boy is carrying a soccer ball.
A man climbs a snowy mountain.
a position given by its location to the side of an object.
throw with force
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.
A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
There is no woman slicing meat with a knife
the general impression or appearance of something
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
feel anxious, concerned, uneasy, or apprehensive about
In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."
Two cows are fighting in a pasture by a man
Make marks in the surface of.
Two people holding hands and walking in a field.
A woman is petting a dog near a stone trail
From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, "He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."
indicate a decision or prediction
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.
A young girl in a bikini is sitting on the beach
A person swimming in water nearby rocks and a small waterfall.
A man is playing an electric guitar
separate with or as if with an instrument.
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.
A person is pouring oil made with olives into a pot on the stove
A little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification.
the act of fastening things together.
cause to have an odor
The black bird is sitting on the ground.
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
A person is putting meat into a skillet carelessly
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.
Young boys enjoying a spray of water.
Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
There is no tan dog jumping up and catching a tennis ball
the act of losing someone or something.
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.
make out of components (in an improvising manner)
Make (undue) claims of owning.
The patient is helping the doctor
The practicing person doesn't like the guitar
The land near a white bird is being watered swiftly
The man is talking about the telephone
strike out (a batter), (of a pitcher).
A man is getting into a car
any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event.
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
There are no children playing and waiting
A classroom is full of students
A dog is being teased by a monkey at the zoo
A person is spreading butter on a tray
Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million.
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are sniffing
the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual.
a style and size of typeset
ride on someone's shoulders or back.
The Jockeys are riding horses on the field, which is completely green
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.
two woman looking into a glass case.
A person is surfing a big wave.
provide (a person or group) with power or authority
A squirrel is running in circles
This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically, said board member Steven Wallace.
Three friends are making faces for the camera
They said they had concluded that the film failed "to present a balanced portrayal" of the Reagans.
abrupt state of disbelief about something
Impress or affect deeply (emotionally).
Two brown horses standing in grassy field.
A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.
A man is jumping into a full pool
A man is slowly dancing on the road
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
Puppy playing with a tennis ball on an orange rug.
There is no girl with a black bag on a crowded train
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks.
The man is feeding the snake with an animal
A little girl is riding a horse in the woods.
A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game
A tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow.
A man is standing in front of a wall
Several people are in front of a colorful building
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.
A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.
remove a constituent from a liquid.
To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.
A brown dog is by a fence where a brown cow is.
find, determine the place of
make a dry crackling sound.
There is no woman slicing potatoes
A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.
The black dog plays in the snow.
soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi.
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."
A sea turtle is hunting for food
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree
The people are running at a carnival
A dog runs on brown grass.
The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the nose.
Sail boat floating on the blue water.
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
take or have a position relative to others.
The man is on ground which is mostly barren, filming a wheelie done with a motorcycle.
A small black and white dog is biting a stick and is swimming
Someone is cleaning an animal
The white dog is not wearing reindeer ears and isn't near a brown dog
Three women are running in a village
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the left
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.
A brown and white cat is playing on the grass
Children play fight with swords.
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.
create a new entity by putting components or members together
Two cats are playfully fighting each other
A woman is cracking some eggs into a container
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.
A person is standing in the snow at the edge of a mountain
A dog with a blue collar is not playing with the ball outside
a deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement
Two people are stopping on a motorcycle
A child is talking
Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.
the act of stopping something.
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
strike with horror or terror.
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
Japanese school girls walk down the street.
Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
There is no surfer leaning on a surfboard
Two twin preteen kids are dueling with sticks
people who are impoverished, without basic possessions
A woman is cutting onions
A man is playing the guitar loudly
A black poodle is playing with the snow.
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
a native of ancient Troy.
Cover or back with foil.
A woman is chopping up an octopus
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
A man in a red coat and hat talks to another man in red.
A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.
Three dogs running in a field of grass.
His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
the action of placing or situating an object
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.
(cause to) meet or intersect
A sheep standing in a forest.
The little girl is riding a bicycle in a race
the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool.
She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."
Give suck to; receive suck.
to cause to separate and go in different directions.
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.
Three dogs walking in the grass.
falcon: abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey
demand, ask for, or take as one's due
Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry.
A man is picking up a tree
A family is watching a little boy who is missing a baseball
persuade or achieve acceptance
Two young children are eating corndogs
It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.
A brown and white dog is running through an uncut field that has mushrooms.
Two birds flying near bird feeders.
The woman in the white sweater is drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
confine as if in a prison.
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
A man is performing stunts on a green bicycle
A person is scrubbing a zucchini
make an abstract thing tight or more restrictive
A person is dropping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove
A little boy in red clothes is jumping onto the ground
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.
A frog is being held carelessly by a man
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
The ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
TThe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus.
A sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
A child in a red outfit is dangerously jumping on a trampoline
The kids are not chasing each other in the sand
Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.
An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.
The woman is stirring eggs in a bowl
get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.).
Two dogs playing together on the grass.
A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.
A man is leading the race
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.
show the form or outline of.
Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
end
There is no seabird flying over some rocks
A chef is discarding some food
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62.
A group of students in uniforms is ignoring the front of the class
a dog jumps into the water.
(game) a division during which one is allowed to play (perhaps as offense).
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
Two panda bears are lying together
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.
A girl wearing a green jacket is standing at a stop light.
An authoritative text or the corresponding citation.
A person is frying some food
A white bird is steering a shopping cart.
A physical portion of all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class or total.
Man playing guitar while sitting down.
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
Some cheerleaders are relaxing
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.
A picture of himself and another guy is being taken by the man
Two dogs are playing on the beach
A girl with a purple and white helmet is riding on a scooter.
A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench
There are no little boys playing outside with a soccer ball on the green grass
A golden retriever is running
informal usage for a domestic cat, often young
The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment, Daschle wrote.
supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid, for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
Someone is slicing a tomato
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.
It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C.
The little girl is playing at the playground.
A woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.
We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously, he said.
A dog is running after a ball in the grass
a mold for setting concrete.
A dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth
make something more diverse or varied
Three people are by the water with yellow canoes.
Man and child skiing.
A boy is tapping his fingernails
A black dog running in the snow.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the snow
A brown dog running
(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent.
A cat is jumping high into the air in the country
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.
The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
People are riding two camels on the sand
Makeup is being put on the man by the woman
A person in biking gear is standing steadily in front of some mountains 
A piano isn't being played by a man
A woman is slicing a vegetable
A dog, which is small, is running out of the green grass
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
A plant structure near the top of the plant.
A man is singing and playing the guitar
A dog is rolling on the ground
Two girls in their teens are wearing fancy dresses at an event
(computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters.
It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a coat dyed in blue
So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
A man is wearing clothes that are covered with paint and is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
The man is putting away the bread
the tactile (touch) quality something has
A man is playing the guitar owner
A woman is slicing some meat
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims "may signal more favorable economic times ahead," she said.
the high value or worth of something.
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car.
A young swimmer is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
A woman is placing food in a pot of cold water
There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN, he said.
a bus driving in a street.
There is no man with a camera studying the subject
hold, contain within
People are playing cricket
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.
Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the Tuesday runoff.
A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.
The act of changing course or twisting oneself.
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.
Two teams are competing in a football match
A woman is putting on eyeshadow
take action or behave in a certain way
There is no man peeling an onion
The brown horse is near a red barrel at the rodeo
One little boy with brown hair is jumping off of the brown chair onto the floor
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy.
A large black and white cow in a field.
A man is running down the road
An elderly woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
One woman is peeling a potato
A lemur is eating quickly
The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
make the surface level or smooth
a feeling of annoyance at being hindered or criticized.
attack as if with claws.
A boy is cutting grass with scissors
There is no person buttering a tray
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
urge with or as if with a goad.
behave in a certain manner.
There is no girl with black and orange patches on the cheeks
the head of a city government.
A plane in the sky.
pull, or move with a sudden movement.
Someone is being boiled with okra in a pot
There is no person singing and playing the guitar
A dog is swimming after a tennis ball
provide with tools or items for a specific purpose
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.
A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field.
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.
A black dog lays on a grassy lawn covered in leaves.
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
A ball, which is green and big, is knocking a potato
A large white crane is flying near the water
A little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
admit to testing or proof.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
the tallied points of a game, at a given time
A small child slides down a purple slide.
A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water
A child, who is young, is wearing a white coat and playing a game
A dog is playing alone on the shore covered by snow
His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.
A goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal.
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.
Two old ladies are wearing worn dresses at home
The woman is playing an electric guitar
An ice skater is outdoors performing on a rink full of people
Three dogs play in a grassy field.
A person is doing a trick on a skateboard
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.
A group of children playing with props
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.
Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
Two people in a race are flipping the tires of a tractor
Dough is being spread by a man
A great dog is climbing a steep hill
A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
an operation that groups items according to specific criteria
a brown dog sniffs a tree stump.
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are outside
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
the act of officially gaining entrance to somewhere
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.
Two children jumping into a body of water.
to collect, acquire or gather
A brown dog laying on a blue sheet.
A woman is playing with a brown cat on a garden path
draw from specific cases for more general cases.
a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor.
It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist, the source said.
A girl with a red bag standing on the street.
A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.
Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
A child sprinkles confetti in a woman's hair.
an organism infected with another parasitic organism or pathogen
A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.
Red double decker bus with hood open.
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
A woman is sleeping
A girl is pushing a go-kart and a daughter is watching her father
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game.
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.
A little girl is looking at a woman in costume
Little boy with blue shirt crawls across vents near large glass windows.
A dog is carrying something pink in its mouth while walking through the snow.
A black dog digs in the snow.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a cat on a leash at the beach
A dog is standing on concrete and is holding a blue ball
put under the control and authority of a federal government.
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping in the air
There is no couple running towards the ocean
Increase the acoustic volume of.
A man is getting into a car in a garage
A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.
A blue train in a mountainous area.
Tony's not feeling well, Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.
throw into great confusion or disorder.
A man isn't pouring oil on the tomatoes.
A man is eating near the kittens
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.
Two girls are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
A man is standing on a train and resting his hand on his lap
Five men dressed in tuxedos standing on a set of stairs
Rugby is being played by some men
a reference line used to align lettering
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
a statement, an idea expressed in language
the act of damaging something or someone.
Three men are jumping on a wall
Boy laying on couch with dog.
The back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
devote oneself to a special area of work.
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.
A man is getting off the motorcycle
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
A man is shooting a weapon
A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.
There is no man wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
Some paper is being cut
Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
an image that is generated by a computer.
A group of people is equipped with unprotective gear
Make less emotionally hostile; win over          mentally or emotionally.
A person is putting away the mushrooms
A man is sitting on the floor in a room and strumming a guitar
Wear or display, as in a facet of something or an article of clothing.
Two dogs running along dirt path.
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
A young man with a beard at an event.
the inclusion of all members of mathematical sets
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.
a gradual decrease; as of stored charge or current.
A woman is picking a can
There is no water being drunk by a cat
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.
accept an excuse for.
A man in a white shirt is dancing with a woman in black.
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
Children are playing in ground fountains
the act of rubbing a surface
A man is playing a flute made of bamboo
A woman is not slicing carrots
A brown dog biting a horse's leg.
A man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood
Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.
A group of dogs are resting without muzzles
a short lyric or poem intended to be sung
come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.
A child in blue shorts is standing ankle deep in the water.
A dog walks through the leaves with a large stick in his mouth.
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.
A sheep stands on a hillside.
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
I think it should have been released years ago, said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.
the rate of some repeating event.
A man stands on a cliff overlooking the ocean.
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.
The orange rider is not driving a motorcycle on one wheel
Some children are jumping off a trampoline
be tantamount or equivalent to.
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
One man is riding a horse
The brown dog is playing in the snow.
Four people are sitting on a low cement ledge
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is huge
The woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush.
A black and white dog running between poles.
The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.
A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo
The dog is running with food in his mouth.
A blue bird standing on a lawn.
A woman who is ski-ing poses for the camera.
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
A young girl wearing a bikini in an inner tube.
One woman is practicing with a flute
Remove by rubbing
make sense of, give meaning to
Two children in the bathtub with an umbrella.
Three dogs running in the dirt.
No people is sitting around a fire at night
Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, "the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions."
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
enter a realm, become involved with
The man is operating a stenograph
an official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity
A man is roasting a snake
A very retro living room with a television in it.
forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper).
A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn.
Our fundamental values haven't changed, Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.
A brown dog playing play wrestling with a black dog on snow covered land.
A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.
There is no man playing two keyboards
A man and woman are talking
a group of sheep or goats.
The muscular white man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
a person who cleans chimneys
Fasten (as if) with a rivet or rivets.
Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
Several women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
A woman is eating a cupcake
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
A skier skiing down a large mountain
The red and brown dog is digging its nose inside a holiday gift bag
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is sliding
If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting, he said.
Arrange a programme for an individual, group, or entity.
A black dog jumps through the water.
acknowledge a contribution or cause
These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.
Two dogs are leaping through snowy grass and rocks
A lady wearing a red dress is playing a bag pipe.
A girl is applying makeup to her face
a casual, brief meeting with someone
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
Touch with the lips.
a gathering of spectators or listeners at a (usually public) performance.
The cow is grazing in a field.
A man wearing a red coat with glass looks at another man.
A little girl is selling a scooter
Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a desk
A dog is running through the snow
Two cats on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
A black and white dog is carrying a small stick on the green grass
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
A dog is lying on a trampoline
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.
A young girl sliding down a black pole.
The man isn't talking on the telephone
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.
An AeroMexico jet taxing along a runway.
A hiker carrying a backpack is walking past a waterfall.
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
A man is cleaning a dish
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.
Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
Two men are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.
someone or something that is the agent of fulfilling desired expectations
Someone is putting ingredients into a wok
Cars racing on a dirt track
A man and a woman are driving down the street in a jeep
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.
A woman does a handstand on the beach.
The scuba diver is underwater.
I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply, said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.
A person waving is hanging off a zip line.
make hard or harder.
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.
Two brown dogs running together on sand
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.
cause something to be the case
have the same value, be or become equivalent to something else
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
A man is playing a harp
A man is abruptly falling off a horse on a track laid in the wild
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.
Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
A sheep standing near her children.
A white dog with black markings runs through the snow.
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.
A dog runs with a yellow toy in its mouth.
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.
Three sheep in middle of gravel road.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
throw with force or recklessness; cast away
There is no dog riding a skateboard
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.
A white dog is standing on fallen leaves
A man is skating down a set of stairs.
The food on the trays isn't being eaten by the kittens
Boys are dancing in front of some people
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is standing on the tennis court
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition.
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking beer
A man is riding a horse in the desert
A black dog is standing in shallow water
A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door.
the day before today
failure that results in a loss of position or reputation.
The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8.
a visual representation of something.
a formation of people or things one beside another.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
The helmeted girl is perching on a bike
A woman is deep frying food
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.
The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said.
A man and two women dressed in costumes.
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.
 cause or permit to fall to the ground
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.
A waterfall is flowing calmly into a shallow pool
the act of committing a crime.
A man and a young boy are jumping off of a yellow kayak
an indicator that orients you generally.
Nobody is feeding an animal
a set of pieces of creative work for showing
A woman is walking the dog down the street
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.
Two dogs, the white one standing on a Frisbee, playing together on grass.
He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.
A bicycle is being ridden by the little boy in a race
feel hot or painful.
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements.
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.
A black and white dog jumps in the air near a red Frisbee.
A man is doing physical activity
restart or continue an activity after an interruption or pause
There is no cat swinging on a fan
A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
cover the front or surface of.
A player dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
A lemur is hanging on a cord
take possession of by legal authority (for security).
A dog runs through an obstacle course.
Nobody is treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
Two girls are laughing and other girls are watching them
The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said.
A race car driver is standing up and is fiercely pointing his hand at the sky
Two animals sitting on a rock.
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
pass into a specified state or condition.
Our outcomes are very encouraging, George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.
A person is buttering a tray
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.
A biker on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
the act of providing incentive to someone
California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
A young girl holds up a peace sign.
This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.
make something, usually for a specific function.
Two young girls are sitting on the ground
make more complex, intricate, or richer.
A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition.
Three Asian kids are dancing and there is no man looking
A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on him
A brown and white dog is running down a ramp.
Two men talking in front of a small plane.
(Cause to) become widely distributed.
A big tan dog runs on grass with a big stick in his mouth.
a method for solving a problem
The dog in the red vest is running in the field
The man in a t-shirt dyed grey is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall
transfer from one place or period to another.
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.
A blackbird sitting on the ground.
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is talking
The woman is frying a breaded pork chop
A boy is spanking a man with a toy weapon
Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
be eligible or suitable, meet requirements for/as
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
A child is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
A brown dog is staring attentively at a brown and white dog
A horse rider is riding a white horse.
A baby is sitting in the grass.
A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
Two dogs drink water in a lake.
(computer science) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network.
A person is folding a tortilla
A large white dog is jumping up in the snow
US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan. 8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
An Asian child is blowing bubbles from an orange bubble hoop.
A woman in a pink top posing with beer.
Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.
We were seconds away from having that happen, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat
a close up of a small cactus in a pot.
A woman walks with a book while talking on a cell phone.
A man is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat and is walking past a park with a lot of blooming trees
a natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea).
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf isn't riding a bike
Two young women shear a sheep.
A man skis on a snowy mountain.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a brush for vegetables
A dog runs in the snow.
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.
a relation of affinity or harmony between people; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other.
cause to lean to the side.
A man and a woman are outside and are wearing light colored shirts
Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
A brown dog is running through green grass.
A brown dog lunges for a yellow toy.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.
A boy is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
become less interesting or attractive.
The woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo
A man is standing on a black jeep on a dirt hill
give a structure to.
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
A boy runs in a race while onlookers watch.
Two women with folded arms, who are young, are looking at the screen
cause to move back and forth.
A girl wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area.
A yellow dog is drinking water from the faucet
In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.
signal by winking.
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.
A group of people are laying in the grass under an umbrella.
There is no soccer player who is being tackled by an opponent
The black and white dog is running outdoors
The black dog is running through the grass
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
A person who rides bikes, in a black and red uniform, is standing on a dirt bike
The man in the brown jacket is sitting on the ground by the jetty.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
A girl, who is little, is playing a grand piano on stage
Three people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
react to a stimulus or command.
A child is amazedly experiencing a new world
A woman is using a sewing machine
A toy train is hitting a toy car
the removal of an opponent's piece from the chess board.
There is no man playing a flute
The man is putting chicken into the container
Two children are on a fairground ride.
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.
discover a logical or causal connection; associate
There is no man playing a bamboo flute
A man in a suit is being surrounded by photographers
Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
A tree is being cut by a man with an axe
A cheetah is shaken off by its prey across a field.
A player of soccer is scoring a goal
personnel casualty
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
give something for a cause
A kid is playing guitar
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.
a journey for some purpose (usually including the return).
get or gather together.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
A man is holding a sign and is seeking money
The two dogs are playing in the yard.
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.
administrator, one who controls resources
The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick.
A dog is biting a can
someone who cleans soot from chimneys.
the primary component of a communication
A man is dancing on the floor
The person is walking
A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert.
A woman is not frying some food
an intuitive understanding of something.
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.
a sporting match, boxing
Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found.
an automobile race run over public roads.
cause to become awake or conscious.
A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.
either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided.
The two dogs are running toward the camera.
The little girl is looking at a man in costume
Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.
A moped in front of steps of ruins.
The skinny brown dog is running through the tall green grass.
cause to turn on an axis or center.
A fish is being cut by a man
Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets.
A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.
A dog which is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.
A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.
The chef is carefully pouring some oil into a pan
The cat isn't licking milk from a saucer
A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.
the activity of learning or being trained
FARM OUT: arrange for contracted work to be done by others.
the rate of moving (especially walking or running).
A woman is taking a can
carry out or perform an action.
A woman with glowing shoes at an outdoor event.
One man is playing the guitar
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.
A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.
sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.
A baby is playing a guitar
A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard.
A little boy, in a camouflage jacket, looks at a display of many yellow rubber ducks.
A person riding a dirt bike.
jolt of electrical current to the body
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
A man is naked and standing still
There is no one typing
Two women are dancing and singing in front of many people
Two dogs are playing on the grass.
A man is singing and playing a musical instrument
A brown dog running through the woods.
A young couple is not lying in bed
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
The child is splashing water in a small blue pool
a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing.
Follow one's own or another's path
The boys are not standing in front of the burning car
A man dances on a colorful wall.
protect from heat, cold, or other detrimental conditions
Horse standing in a field.
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.
People and camels at a beach.
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.
A brown dog jumps over hurdle with flames on each end.
A boy in a red shirt is behind a long blue wall and is lowering an eyebrow, facing the camera
The black dog is lying in the grass.
The man is playing the instrument
Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.
To remain emotionally or intellectually          attached without necessary physical contact.
A pale dog runs down a path.
Two men are doing a skit, which is very funny, with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
A man is cutting tomatoes
A woman, who is old, is near a dog that has a white coat
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.
A man is working on the computer
A brown and white dog standing in a yard.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.
A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window
A man is climbing up a rope
A white race car is driving through a puddle
A blurred image of a black and white dog running through the grass.
The man is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
A close up view of a bottle of water.
Some corndogs are being eaten by two toddlers who are in a wagon, which is really small
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.
A man is slicing tomatoes
A dog is licking a baby
A man is playing keyboards
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
A dog shaking off water.
a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm
A young man with a mullet smokes while sitting on a unique couch.
the quality of dedication, fixity of purpose
A group of people in a large Asian restaurant is eating
The act of sorting one thing from others.
We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms, Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
The lady is slicing a tomato
the act of conscripting soldiers for an army
The dog is catching a ball
A man jumps off a rock into the water
There is no hamster singing
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
A man is kayaking in rough waters.
the act or means of getting rid of something.
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective gloves for boxing
An electronic man is held as a device
Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.
give suck to.
A harp is being played by a man
two puppies playing around in the grass
The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
A brown dog is jumping in the water
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.
A dog is running through reeds towards the ocean.
A lot of people are in an ice skating park
sound sharply or shrilly.
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
A television, upholstered chair, and coffee stable in a bright room.
The people are standing at a carnival
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard.
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.
The people are standing at a parade
He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea.
social ranking or position
to argue or plead in favor of
Make a crushing noise, possibly as the result of pressing or grinding.
A black person in white is joyfully running with the dog on the grass
A dog standing in the water.
Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
There is no man fishing in the river
Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
Two boys are doing martial arts on a blue mat
The player in purple, white and black is not playing near the end of the field
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.
A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball.
The man is rock climbing
hold in a tight grasp.
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.
The doctors are reviving a man
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.
The brown and white dog is running across the sand with a red object in his mouth.
the state of having one's weight supported
an indication of some hidden activity.
A red dog is jumping and catching a tennis ball in its mouth
Two dogs playing together in the snow.
A baby is playing with a doll
the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.
A group of five young adults are lounging in the room
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.
A young girl is sitting in a swimsuit
A man is riding a rodeo bull
Someone is removing the peel of a banana
Write a computer programme.
A lady is being kissed by a man
A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
Two black and white dogs run across a green field.
Young boy plays ball on the beach.
protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm.
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a t-shirt, which is white
act of distributing
The white dogs are looking curiously at the black llama
There are no men fighting
A red and white double decker bus is parked.
A child is falling asleep
The man in the purple hat isn't operating a camera that makes videos
A boy hanging from a jungle gym
A brown dog chases a blond one in the grass.
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
A dog is running toward the camera.
A skateboarder in the city.
An American footballer is wearing the red and white strip
expect, predict, or forsee something in the future
A group of people are running a race.
A child is swimming underwater in a pool
the act of having and controlling property.
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.
The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.
A black and orange bird is not standing in the grass
A tennis player in mid game is holding a racquet
A group of men are playing ball together.
A woman is adding ingredients to a big bowl
Some meat is being cut into pieces by a woman
a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity.
be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense.
Three goats are chased by a dog.
There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.
A dog is running on the sand and chasing a ball
A person is wearing grey pants on a snowboard
The ball is being dunked by a man with a jersey at a basketball game
Some young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.
A man is removing the garlic from some slices of bread
GRATE ON: gnaw into emotionally; make resentful or angry.
exhibit recognition for (an antigen or a substrate).
A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish 
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.
make less severe or harsh.
Two dogs and two people are walking in the woods
A man is putting some food in a container
(Cause to) increase in anxiety.
A document granting a right or privilege, as to an inventor.
The kitten is eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl
Women are sawing logs
The elephant isn't being ridden by the woman
Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
look through a book or other written material.
Two men walking past a mural of a car.
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.
A black and a yellow dog
A black and white dog playing in the sand.
The woman is dicing garlic
Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
A band is playing some instruments
bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted.
The man is training
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.
A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand.
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.
What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution, she said.
Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
A woman is cutting some plants
legally approve or ratify a person for a position
The drums are being played by the man
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.
A women with brown hair is wearing a purple shirt and a white purse.
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen, Ezzell said.
The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
A woman is dancing gracefully
The man poses for a photo in front of the train.
Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
Soak up (as if) with a sponge.
A white, fluffy dog is standing on its hind legs.
A child is playfully swimming underwater in a pool
Two black dogs in the snow.
A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight.
A woman is cutting broccoli
refrain from doing something.
office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order.
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."
loss of ability to function normally.
A clown is singing
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.
A white hat is being worn by a boy which is running on the beach
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the seashore
A blonde man is hanging by gymnastic ropes
A couple holds a baby.
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
Black train idle on the tracks.
Man sleeping on the street.
A brown and white horse runs quickly.
something that floats on the surface of water.
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
a single chance or instance.
There is no girl laughing and there is no other girl watching
There is no man cutting an onion
A rider is surfing the wave
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
A dog is sleeping on a beach covered by snow
The guitar is being played by a lady
the processing or operation of something
a temporary debarment (from a privilege or position etc).
the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism; the full DNA sequence of an organism.
The man is cooking sauce for the meat
In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.
(computer science) the ability to exchange and use information (usually in a large heterogeneous network made up of several local area networks).
A man is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
A person is not stirring vegetables in a pot
The man is talking on the telephone
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to a man
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth.
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.
A man on a bicycle is riding on one wheel only
give surety or assume responsibility.
Some cats are playing with each other
form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case.
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.
A horse is being ridden in a creek by a man
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.
A leap over white snow is greatly appealing to the snowboarders
Next week, John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange, will take up his position.
create a mess or disorder
A man in a hat is playing a harp
A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.
A man with a white headband playing drums.
There is no one peeling a banana
A young girl with roller blades and green foliage in the background.
A toddler is riding a plastic scooter toy
Three people preparing to canoe.
There are no people flipping the tires of a tractor
A man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left.
A man on a bike is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
make by combining materials and parts.
The lady is dicing onions
The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
A dog is jumping high into the air in the country
The woman is cleaning a shrimp
a blue and red airplane while in flight.
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.
The man is playing the flute
A red sweatshirt with a smiling lady upon it is suited to be worn with light brown hair, earrings and a necklace 
Seasoning is being added to the water by the man
He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
There is no woman standing near three children
be located at or on top of something
move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position
increase in extent or intensity.
A dog sniffing the bottom of a door.
A girl is waking up
turn on an axis; spin
tag the base runner to get him out.
Two dogs playing with a blue and green ball.
The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table
Two people are walking by the ocean.
Two people in two chairs are talking
A lady is cutting up some meat precisely
A man dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.
ABIDE BY: act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes.
Someone is splashing through ankle-high sun-lit water.
Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.
Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.
This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting, said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.
(cause to) fall or subside to a lower place, level, or value
the act of sorting things into categories
Mud is being thrown to the playing boy
A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: "Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this."
Two animals are running through high grass
A person is burning some cameras with a blow torch
A dog's tail is being pulled by a monkey
A tiger cub is roaring
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
Three men in suits sitting at a table.
Some tofu is being sliced by one woman
Two men and a girl in behind of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike along a roadway
I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat.
A man is standing behind the rocks with clouds on top of them
MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
place or set apart.
A young child is wearing boots made of green rubber and playing in a puddle full of mud
A boy crawls through a rock tunnel with his brother and father behind him.
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers.
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a man
A young black child is waiting on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
A dog is biting a black frisbee
Two women in a sailboat.
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes.
A man is walking outside
A man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
A man is playing two keyboards
365 days from January 1 to December 31, the Gregorian calendar
Nobody is cutting a capsicum into pieces
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.
A bicycle in a dining room.
He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.
Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002.
put up with something unpleasant
A black dog is running across a field.
By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
employ or utilize, put into service
feel physical pain.
A brown dog squating on grass.
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.
put into or keep in a stall
Two white puppies are playing near water
the act of raising something.
anything with the form of a thin strip
A girl is awakening
A brown dog is running though a river.
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.
something that is craved
Four people are walking on the beach
an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered.
There is no man driving a car
Appoint, ordain to a clerical post
A motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape.
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
force to go away by blinking.
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.
The act of creating written works.
make or become more acute or intense
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.
A man is cutting himself with a piece of paper
a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school.
The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.	But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.3.500	A 32-count indictment strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.
A young oriental girl is standing above people and is playing with a pinwheel
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
A man and a woman standing on a city street.
connect or arrange into a chain by linking.
the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth
reason by deduction; establish by deduction.
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.
an abundance of something
A man is dangerously throwing knives at a tree
Have a complexion with a strong bright color; reflect emotion via one's complexion.
return to a prior state
Two kids splashing in the water.
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
(construction) a layer of masonry.
A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.
There is no brown dog and black dog playing in the sand
A brown dog jumps high on a field of grass.
The black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby.
add embellishments (to medieval manuscripts)
The men are playing with a ball
A man is playing a violin
Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer "find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."
hurt, feel physical pain
The children of a family are patiently playing and waiting
A little girl is frowning and taking off a fake nose and glasses
Two girls are not playing inside the jumper house
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
Several people are not walking in line across a bridge
Three kids are jumping in the leaves
lay with rails.
be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.
A journey for some purpose.
White and brown dog with mouth open running on grass.
Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis.
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.
Three men are practicing karate in a gym
A brown puppy is biting a pole
give an interpretation or rendition of.
move as if through a sieve.
A dog is jumping into the water.
make unfit or unsuitable.
cross on foot.
spend time in prison or in a labor camp.
A shirtless man is playing football in a gym
A black and white dog runs through the water.
A dog walks on the beach.
A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.
pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin.
a movement back from an impact.
A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court.
A boy holds a light saber in front of a Christmas tree.
attain success or reach a desired goal.
A woman is frying fish
A black and white dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A jockey riding a horse.
A dog running fast in the sand.
A dog leaping over a chain.
beat (as if) with a whip or rod
Black and white dog outdoors in muddy water, with stick in mouth.
A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
A rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp
A man is drawing a picture
A small cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and jumping inside
A group of people is not walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
Ask for and get something for free.
lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.
A small yellow dog runs on a beach
manipulate the registers of a musical instrument
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.
A black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
Adults and children are standing and playing in front of steps near a desert area
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is in midspeech
A young woman is playing the guitar
Two birds interacting in the grass
A dog is pushing a toddler into a puddle of rain
make shine
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.
A brown dog running through the grass.
A man is diving into a pool
Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93.
Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.
a large room
A small black and white dog paddles in some clear blue water.
Red double decker bus on side of street.
The man is riding a horse by a creek
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
There is no girl applying makeup to her face
A man in a red shirt is watching a football game.
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
Two dogs are wrestling and hugging
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate.
A person is slicing a potato
A man is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, arent indigenous to Wisconsin.
Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.
add cream to one's coffee, for example.
An organization that sponsors a large public event
A woman is talking to a man
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
A mostly black train on a track.
the act of passing from one state or place to the next.
Make liberal or more liberal, become more liberal, usually in terms of laws or rules.
A lady is putting on makeup
a state or act of gaining pleasure
A group of men play rugby.
the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity
immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid, often for cooking purposes.
There is no girl jumping into the car
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.
The woman is adding cheese to the sauce
four children are playing on a trampoline.
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.
A man and a small girl floating on an innertube.
The woman is not dancing
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a ball
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.
The white dog runs across the snow.
A man standing in front of a brick building.
An airplane facing the camera.
Two white dogs walking in the snow.
A podium is where a man is speaking
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.
If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a car
A shirtless man rock climbs.
A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.
This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
a fruiting structure resembling an umbrella or a cone that forms the top of a stalked fleshy fungus such as a mushroom.
A dog jumps over a hurdle.
A woman is seasoning a ham
A young girl is sitting in swimming gear
There is no white car being driven by the man
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.
At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.
There is no man walking in the rain
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.
Discipline in personal or social activities.
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
come as a logical consequence; follow logically.
A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.
the last (12th) month of the year.
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position
A girl has colored patches on the cheeks
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results, Buell said.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
assimilate into the mind or a situation
Someone is not putting ingredients into a wok
A woman is pouring eggs into a pan
Nobody is playing with a toad
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.
Some children are jumping on a trampoline
A girl is getting a tattoo removed from her hand
a sovereign regime and its assemblage
travel or be transported in a vehicle.
A biker is naked
go back to a previous state.
A man is applying a silencer to a gun
A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.
People riding something in the snow.
The man is cautiously feeding a mouse to the snake
A man in a green hat poses in the mountains
A white bike and a yellow bike are racing down the track
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.
Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
It is raining on a walking man
the act of terminating a life.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
Two dogs ankle-deep in water.
A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle.
There is no boy walking across a bridge
a special set of circumstances.
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.
Three bottles are on a table.
A man is thinking
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.
something that serves to indicate or suggest.
The man is pacing around a room
become master of, overcome, dominate
The man is clumsily kick boxing with a trainer
A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.
a pair of mated people, e.g., married
A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a "Going Places" bus.
The light brown dog is running up a street
demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to.
Three children playing in hay
A child in water.
ask for and get free; be a parasite.
Two children are rolling in muddy water
soldier who is a member of a special forces group
group of people defined by a specific profession
close within bounds; deprive of freedom
A group of mothers in uniforms is standing near the children and one is kissing the gate
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.
be on base at the end of an inning
A man is opening a package that contains headphones
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.
make a ticking sound
The person is setting fire to the cameras
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.
The monkey is not brushing a bull dog
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.
the state of owing something (especially money).
The woman is waterskiing fearlessly
A young child is watering a plant with splashes
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.
A person is riding the bicycle on one wheel
A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
an agent's act of terminating an activity or event
A girl with arms raised in sliding down a red and white slide.
a cell for violent prisoners.
A hurdle is being leapt by a horse that has a rider on its back
A man is packing away an acoustic guitar
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
supporter, advocate of something or someone
The black and white dog is running in a green yard
There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.
Music is being performed by four people outdoors
A girl has black and orange patches on the cheeks
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the dry sand
People stand outside a bookstore.
Expel or eject saliva, sputum, or an object from the mouth.
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is playing on a slide
bribe, make payments to in exchange for benefits
a black and white colored dog jumping around in a body of water.
A small group of people is waiting to eat in a restaurant
hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver.
A brown dog chasing a yellow toy.
have an argument about something.
A toddler in a beige suit is smiling whilst playing in the snow.
A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet.
Two ducks are standing by the water.
A man on a green bike is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
a jockey riding a horse.
Three small dogs are sniffing at something
A man is slicing a tomato
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
a dog runs through the water.
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.
Some children are playing on a playground
A man in a elegant dress is being surrounded by photographers
A bird holding on to a metal gate.
an air force military unit, smaller than a squadron
A cat sleeps on purple sheet.
(Cause to) change from a gas to a liquid.
A cat is swimming after a tennis ball
The brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow.
A cat on its back looking at the camera.
The buttons of a microwave are being pushed by a man
Two men are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
It has a chequered safety record, including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths.
A dog shakes off water
The lady is stirring eggs in a bowl
Skewers are being placed onto a rack by a woman
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, said Silver.
behave or move in a certain manner
The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
lumber used in the construction of something.
a passageway through or under something, usually underground (especially one for trains or cars).
A seated woman is singing a song and playing the guitar
A cat is sliding upside down under a couch
A dog runs through sand.
A white dogs treads the water with sticks in its mouth.
A small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant.
Four happy people sitting on a red couch
There is no man dancing on the road
a person who memorizes or learns quickly
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.
A horse is running
the act of informing by verbal report.
Nobody is fighting in a cow pasture
an attempt to get something.
A man wearing a helmet, floating in the water.
A tan skinned kid is looking at the camera
Two men are holding fishing poles
A man is wiping the edge of a bowl
The boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
a feeling of aversion, distaste, antipathy
A boy is sitting on the ground
A dog is sitting on the ground
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.
A little girl is missing a baseball on a tee
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.
utter with force; utter vehemently.
Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and staring at him
The piano is being played by a man
Five birds stand on the snow.
A person is removing the butter from a tray
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the road
point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards.
make invalid for use.
The upper part of a column.
A yellow dog catches a red Frisbee.
A man is naked and is lying in the field
A dog jumps of a surfboard
There is no dog jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
Theres also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
A swimmer swimming butterfly in a pool
A tan dog is playing in the water on the bank of a pond
a dog napping under a small table.
A man sits on a wooden bench next a tree and some cacti.
A man is cutting a boot with a sword
A black and brown dog is eyeing an insect
A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture
the process of becoming less or smaller
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.
raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2.
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.
A dog lying on its back in the sand.
A boy is throwing away a calendar
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
develop in a positive way.
Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
Four children looking at barn animals.
Two dogs playing on the beach.
cause to come out in a squirt.
A boy wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
A woman is carefully pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it
A woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant.
an electrical connection between conductor and earth
alphanumeric sequence used for identification
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.
A domestic animal stands in a pen.
(The act of making) a measurement of something.
the event of something ending.
put in a particular place or abstract location
a mental activity of construing or interpreting
amount of time that something is postponed
The skateboarder does a trick on a ramp.
A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
an injury to the skin caused by radiation, heat or chemicals
Two dogs are playing catch in a field.
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.
A man with equipment used for climbing is under a vertical, white rock
There is no man wearing a shirt dyed black, sitting at the table and laughing
a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting.
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
A large airplane parked at the airport at night.
arrangement
a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object.
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work.
remove shells or husks from.
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.
A reddish brown dog runs across the snow with a snowball in its mouth.
The lady is adding cheese to the sauce
A woman is talking on a telephone
incorporate or enclose one thing in another
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
A man is parking a motorbike
The girl is painting a coverall blue
move or gather in a hive
bubble over with a certain feeling
rounded end of a bone
Two dogs running in a field.
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.
Reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a          loss or sacrifice.
Four hooded children huddle under a blanket outdoors.
The girl with a helmet is perching on a bike
A topless person with a back pack is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
make a great effort at a mental or physical task.
France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
provide with a covering or cause to be covered.
A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball.
A girl is playing a wind instrument
child hanging upside down from a tree swing
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after gaining 5.7 percent last week.
decide a specific time for an event
A young boy is jumping into water
restrict or confine
be in direct physical contact with
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.
Two men are walking through the water
make a mess of or create disorder in.
cause to match, as of ideas or acts.
A white dog running on the beach.
A surfer is riding a big wave across dark green water
Smiling man with reflective classes.
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.
A woman is speaking loudly on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area behind a tree
Black and brown dog runs through field.
The man is slicing potatoes
The bike is being ridden by a girl in a strange outfit
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
unrestricted freedom to use.
A man with paint covered clothes is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
change or conform to fit new or different conditions
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.
goal or objective
unite or merge with something already in existence.
A dog is furiously chasing a ball through dirt
A black person is running along a white stand and a dog barks behind him
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
Two brown dogs are leaving a frisbee in the water
There is no woman combing her hair
Two children are playing on a statue
Remove feathers, pits, shells, skin, husks
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The black bird is not sitting in a leafless tree
consider again; give new consideration to; usually with a view to changing.
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
Go after with the intent to follow or catch.
The person is writing
the state of being suspected.
informal terms referring to a domestic cat.
A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.
Two black dogs are playing in a grass.
A boy is running through the grass
They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is empty
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, Mrs Clinton writes.
Two people wearing helmets are riding over the yellow and white flowers
Roller blades sliding on a railing.
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
any tall, vertical shape
A young boy is completing a jump on a skateboard.
Two soccer players rush to kick the ball.
A dog playing in the snow.
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
interfere in someone else's activity.
The cat perched on the table is looking out the window
A large pile of wooden items piled high.
Someone is playing a piano
She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
The four kids are riding a raft on the water.
A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport.
two tan dogs play in the grass
Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
A man in a black hat is reaching for a box
Masked people are looking in the same direction in a forest
Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.
The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.
A woman is riding on an elephant
A man is crouching and holding a camera
A man is talking on a cell phone
A racer in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
A fearful little boy is on a climbing wall
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
the act of designating a role to someone
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
A young woman dressed in black.
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
Have a distinctive or characteristic taste, perceptible by an experiencer.
an interpretation of a text or action.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a person in a white shirt and sunglasses
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.
Children are playing in a fountain that is spraying water from the ground
a message refusing to accept something that is offered.
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
make thick or thicker.
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
There is no man fixing a silencer to a gun
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
Give an incentive or reason for action.
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
A man is mowing grass
(Literally) sound with resonance.
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space.
A young occidental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive.
A white dog is jumping from a dock into the water
Dog is jumping down a ramp.
a company that provides public service commodities
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
A big group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
a measure of the likelihood or probability of an event
pronounce with a nasal twang
A black and white cat playing with a wool basket.
Be larger in number, quantity, power,          status, or importance, without personally having sovereign power.
the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.
(computer science) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper.
A group of women is playing with a ball on the beach
make sense of; assign a meaning to.
a formal association of people with similar interests.
reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new.
A lamb stands near two tiny animals.
A man is standing in front of a raised statue,.
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.
reproduce or make an exact copy of.
The lady is taking an egg out of a bowl
A white dog on a leash is walking in the water
But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal.
A group of people are not standing around a sound mixing table
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.
A man is on a boat in front of the sunset
The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year.
a cause or source of duress, worry
A close-up of a man shooting a handgun into the woods.
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a field
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.
learn by repetition.
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.
A person is not frying meat in a pan
advance warning or notification of something
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in yard.
Two dogs running through the water on a beach.
A man is walking along a track through a wilderness
Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.
Three boys are rocking the walk along the river
A television in a messy room with several bookcases.
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag
A brown dog playing outside with a pink ball.
The girl is carrying a sign and is being followed by a group of people
A man is riding an elephant while another person is touching the elephant's head.
Two dogs play in a field.
Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.
deal with in a routine way.
Living room or den with large screen television.
A man is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
There is no woman in a yellow shirt surfing on a pink surfboard
A girl in pink is twirling a ribbon
A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.
A black dog jumping into a lake.
A concentrated woman is playing flute
Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.
something that attains victory
A black dog is jumping out of water.
There is no child playing with a water spout outdoors with the rest of his family watching
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
compel, enforce, or insist on something
Some people and vehicles are on a crowded street
set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
the act of applying paint to a surface
Two dogs running in the dirt
The man and woman are walking
The girl, who is little, is carefully combing her hair into a pony tail
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.
In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy.
mold for casting, setting concrete
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
Two women are happily dancing
The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30.
the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered.
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving.
Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company.
time during which some action is awaited.
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.
Some pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.
a relative loss in price, value
place or put on the ground.
A man blowing a large bubble.
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall.
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.
A white dog is running on sand.
Children jumping on a trampoline.
an aptitude that may be developed.
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
A dog, which is large and gray, is difficultly carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
Two dogs are playing by a tree
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
A young climber is making a rock wall for the boys
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.
a point, as the op part of a compass arrow
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.
Produce a phonemic click.
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
There is no person setting fire to the cameras
There is no child holding a water gun or getting sprayed with water
Some men are fighting
The bird is sitting on the branch.
A boy is wearing sunglasses
The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.
A woman is picking up and holding a kangaroo, which is a baby, in her arms
She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.
the fashionable elite.
get rid of as if by submerging.
A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.
Two black dogs and one white dog interact.
A small dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is very small
injure by turning or rotating
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
watery rot on produce caused by fungus
But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
a group of children playing with a dog
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is not talking on a cell phone
A person is repairing some cameras with a blow torch
Two people are sitting on a bench
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.
Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
The guitar is being played by a man
A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
break down, literally or metaphorically.
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.
The girl is riding the horse
The man is getting off a motorcycle onto ground which is mostly barren
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
cause to be in a state or location
There is no little girl with blond hair smiling and sitting on a swing
Two dogs are running through the beach
a force that is a branch of the armed forces.
A man is playing an instrument
create an image or likeness of.
Two dogs are running through a small pond
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.
Two dogs running through tall grass.
perform (a church sacrament) ritually.
A black-and-white photo of a loveseat.
A man is not playing keyboards
There is no cyclist performing a jump on a bicycle
Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.
A woman in a short skirt and boots.
A big fish is catching a man
A group of people standing in the street
covering for a bed
(contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
the disclosure of something secret.
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.
The woman is cracking two eggs into a bowl made of glass
an impetuous rush toward someone or something.
I'm really excited about going to Cleveland, James told ESPN.com.
A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.
raise in rank, character, or status.
A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.
Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.
A girl in a red and white costume standing on the street.
giving a reference or citation of something
A woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
Ten sheep looking at the camera.
A small animal is lying on the bed
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.
Not a lot of people are in an ice skating park
Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60.
find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort.
Two blokes are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
Two boys are studying
to act as the host of
A race car driver is sitting down and is motionless
A woman in a dress raises her arm over her head.
But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
Two men are looking out and one is holding binoculars
a local announcement made within a public broadcast
A woman with a ponytail is climbing a wall of rock
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.
a state of social order in conformance with existing law
a removable device that is an accessory to larger object
The woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
A man eating an apple, sitting in public.
(computer science) the part of a computer (a microprocessor chip) that does most of the data processing.
Two kids are taking out a green colored crocodile float from a swimming pool
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
show to a seat; assign a seat for.
a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth.
carry as a backpack, go backpacking
a change for the better.
take apart into its constituent pieces.
the black dog carries an object in the snow.
A young child with black hair is deleting a picture from the camera
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a sunny day
take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.
A child is playing with a water spout outdoors and the rest of his family is watching
A man is sitting and tables a comfortable discussion
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.
A black dog runs through the water.
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.
The man is not putting chicken into the container
The black and white dog has a ball in its mouth.
cause to happen or be responsible for.
An old man is sleeping at a table in front of a book shelf.
The woman is not slicing an onion with a knife
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.
The man dressed in leather chaps and a purple shirt is standing in front of someone lookers
The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
The dog isn't snapping at some droplets of water
stretch out or over completely
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.
A girl is playing the piano
A man is cutting a fish
Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
damage the reputation of.
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a male cheerleader
A man and woman are posing for the camera.
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a brown dog in the grass
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.
A shirtless man catches a football
One Asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up.
A ball is being chased by a yellow dog
Three children are running down hill
A red double decker bus on a city street.
the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose.
Brown dog splashing into the water.
Someone is cutting some paper with scissors
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.
cause to be balanced or suspended.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
Two dogs run through the grass.
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997.
Ingredients are being poured into a bowl by a woman
A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass.
Two people are standing in the ocean and looking at the sunset
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.
A male baby makes a funny face for the camera.
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
clear mucus from one's throat
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.
A group of boys are quiet in front of a large door made of wood
an agent that operates some apparatus or machine.
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.
And I really liked him, and I still do.
A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.
Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier.
Cars driving near a model building.
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.
storage cabinet furniture
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."
On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube.
But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing.
The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks.
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.
A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse
It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
A woman is chopping onions
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.
the act of intentionally omitting something
A happy baby is laughing
secondary public school, grades 9-12
A group of Asian girls are standing by themselves
A woman is pulling some sticky goo out of a bowl
Three brown dogs are in the water.
There is no woman placing skewers onto a rack
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.
A person is pouring cooking oil into a pot
assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group.
A train traveling down the tracks.
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something
Two young men are playing outside near a golden statue
A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.
A light-colored dog runs on the beach.
A big black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
lowest employee salary permitted by law
Two dogs groom each other.
the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles
A man and a woman are hiking through a wooded area
The person is slicing the potato
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street.
A man is backpacking up a grassy hill.
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.
A young girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
A tiger is walking around a cage
A group of people is near the ocean
There is no woman putting on makeup
A green car parked at a saloon.
A young girl in blue is jumping in the air
An inflatable crocodile is being pushed by two kids in a pool
Someone is cooking okra in a pan
believe to be the case.
A man is dancing
a portion removed from the whole.
A small dog leaps in the water.
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.
A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
The young boys are not posing with a green soccer ball in a park
Bicyclists are standing at an intersection.
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, according to extracts released yesterday.
Two dogs playing in a yard.
Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.
A football player is wearing black armbands
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.
A woman is cutting a fish
the condition of having been proposed as a suitable candidate for appointment or election.
The oil is being stirred by a man
A skateboarder doing a jump.
A brown dog laying on a green cushion.
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
A motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening.
A dog and cat laying down together.
A woman is posing for three men for a photo
Little girl and older male, holding hands and walking on train tracks.
a short section of a musical composition.
A man rock climbing.
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.
an offer of marriage.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera.
the act of giving a false appearance.
A dog runs through a field.
There is no woman dancing near a fire
A person with a green shirt is jumping onto the grass
The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar, last up 1 percent at $1.6672.
A herd of deer is stopping at the street
discover or come upon accidentally, suddenly, or unexpectedly; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state.
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.
A tattoo is being drawn by the woman in the white sweater on the hand of a teenager
a stovetop, cooking appliance
Amount that can be contained
A girl is doing a trick on her trampoline.
Two dogs playing in the water.
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.
A man is quickly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers.
A little girl is shoveling snow.
The man is taking a picture of himself and another guy
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
a person who is a member of a partnership.
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.
make a short, sharp sound
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.
An Oklahoma football player attempts to kick the ball.
A tan puppy being held and petted.
A rocky wall is climbed by a man in a purple hat with bare hands
take into one's family.
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
A toy train is violently striking a toy car
Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.
carry out or complete an activity
A man and a woman kiss.
The little boy is not singing and playing the guitar
Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
A black dog is moving along rocky terrain
The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.
change the arrangement or position of.
A man in a pose is being amusedly watched by another man
An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.
There is no woman driving a car and talking to the man seated beside her
Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
The workers accuse General Dynamics of "reverse age discrimination" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.
expose or make accessible to some action or influence.
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.
A guy is mowing the lawn
Two people are not riding motorbikes
The woman is handling a frog
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent.
A cook steps back as flames leap from a pan in a kitchen.
A person on a black motorbike is doing tricks with a jacket
A man is idling
A homeless man is putting down a sign and refusing some charity
Several old people are posing for a photo and holding beers
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
A young child is standing in front of some trees
A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.
A woman is cutting an onion
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.
a creased or bent form
A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool.
a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard.
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
A tomato is being sliced by a woman
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.
He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers  perhaps before the 2004 elections.
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
hit before it touches the ground.
Someone is scratching the belly of an animal
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.
A group of five men in uniform are posing for the camera.
manipulate in a fraudulent manner.
A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera.
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
A black dog and a tan dog are fighting
A man is walking in a city street
A man is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
A woman wearing a pink Tinkerbell sweatshirt leans on a railing overlooking water.
The man in brown colored shorts is walking on the rocks beside a river
A woman is slicing butter
bring into being.
Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.
a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
A model is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention.
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
Someone is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
Two teenage girls, one is smiling.
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
Two people sit on a dock near the water.
A guitar is being played by a man
A bull standing in the field.
(Contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting in the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
Provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation.
A dog swims through the water.
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall
A man is playing the instrument
An orange pepper is being diced up by a person
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
A black, brown, and white dog is carrying a Frisbee.
She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.
Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
A lack dog and a brown and white dog run on a gravel surface with something red underfoot.
The cowboy in blue and red pants is being tossed by a horse
A man is standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
A girl is naked and is standing on the grass
a static vertical layout, e.g. text or numbers
A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background.
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
a public enclosure for animals, as dogs
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.
a solid 3D object with rectangular sides
(theology) the act of deliving from sin or saving from evil.
four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain.
Two dogs swimming in a pool.
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
The woman is removing cheese from the sauce
communicate with a hiss
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.
measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line.
The dog with the black coat is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
A white dog runs on the grass.
Tan domestic cat under black tarp.
A woman is not slicing garlic
There is no man playing flute
the chief executive of a republic.
The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
come up, as of liquid or gas
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo.
Provide with rails, as by laying.
three dogs playing on a beach
The woman is playing the flute
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.
the action of putting something into operation.
culminating event
He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
A potato is being sliced by a person
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
A dog running on the grass
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
A boy riding on a swing.
A picture is being drawn by a man
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest.
The interviewer is granting a break to the man
a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in many isotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons.
A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide
One woman is beating two eggs in the bowl and using a whisk made of wire
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
carry a burden, real or metaphorical
(cause to) stop speaking or bring about silence
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding beers
the official currency issued by a government or national bank.
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, they announced at a press conference yesterday.
A malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and preparing to jump
A man and a woman looking at the camera.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.
A man is lifting a little girl above his head.
An Asian man is dancing and three kids are looking
A dog is jumping through the water.
Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.
A man is running on the road
One girl in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other girl in black shorts is jumping off into the water
make a loud noise, as an animal
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.
A dog, which is black, and another one, which is white, are staring at each other in the street
to interrupt, enter uninvited
apply a thin coating of paint/metal
One man is climbing a rock wall and another man is holding a rope
The men are not dancing
Two cows are drinking from a pond.
A girl jumps rope in a parking lot.
cause to grow thin or weak.
Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $355 million.
A few animals are playing in the water
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence.
Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
a slight cut in a physical surface
A woman is playing a flute
Four black dogs run across the grass.
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in the big city
The guitar is being played by the man
A woman is being massaged by a man
The white dog is running in the green grass.
A man is playing a large flute
The woman is putting make-up on
Some dogs are playing in a stream
A television with a show on.
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct
bring to a certain spiritual state.
A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.
Two men are not holding fishing poles
show consideration for; take into account.
A group of kids is playing on a colorful structure
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.
A boy in a headband plays drums.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
An octopus is being sliced by a woman
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.
Garlic is being diced by the woman
Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
make even or more even.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.
A white dog is standing in a lake
A child swinging on a playground play set.
The woman is dicing a carrot
A boat is sailing quietly over the water
give a definition for the meaning of a word.
move or establish in a new location.
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.
A little girl holds a wooden stick.
send from one person or place to another.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping
The dog runs through the snow.
the act of liberating someone or something.
A short theatrical program that is part of a longer program.
come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.
A young girl is in mid-air doing gymnastics.
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.
a person who is aggressively pursued, chased
put or store in a bottle
A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin.
capital stock in a corporation
It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	The Maine program could be a model for other states.3.600	In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.2.800	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.3.000	The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.4.600	Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."
Two dogs are cheerfully playing on the beach
A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man's right arm during a street parade.
Noodles are being boiled in water by a woman
There is no dog running up a grassy hill
A light-colored dog runs through the grass.
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
rescue, redeem, deliver from harm or danger
In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
a cue given to someone for assistance
Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera
lock up or confine, in or as in a jail.
There is no boy playing guitar
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
be a reason, cause, or justification of
make or become more narrow or restricted.
The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes
The man is not playing the drums
Two football players bang into each other during a football game.
A black dog and a brown dog run along a dirt path.
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.
scar physically; create a mark on someone or something
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
turn or go to the port or left side, of a ship.
give an incentive for action.
A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl
A large boat pulling a small white boat.
A person is riding a motorcycle
The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels.
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another.
Two people stand looking at a light scupture at night.
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.
energy in the form of molecular motion
An old man sitting down watching something.
Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.
A yellow boat on shore.
A man is whacking a boy with a sword
A dog is opening a can of food
handle effectively.
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.
A man wearing a backpack looking to the side.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.
The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
Children in swimming suits are not playing in the water
A tan dog is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
A black and brown dog is eyeing a fly
A woman is receiving volleyballs
Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
Sunglasses are being worn by a boy
The dog is having a rest in the living room
A child in a green and white sports uniform is resting on the grass
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball
Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.
military personnel lost by death or capture.
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
the state of taking in or encircling.
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
A young girl going down a tube slide.
A man is putting some cheese on a pizza
Two children are shown upside down.
Red sports car racing down track.
announce the termination of, as of treaties.
approach a certain age or speed.
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
A plane flying at a distance.
A snowboarder going over a ramp.
infer or believe to be the case
This decision is clearly incorrect, FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.
The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
mark with a scar.
I notice a mood change in their priorities, said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
(Cause to) make a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a bicycle
A man in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
Two twin preteen boys are dueling with sticks
The football players are working on stretching their legs.
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball.
Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
A man is holding a frog
be reflected as heat, sound, or light or shock waves.
A little girl is playing the violin on a beach
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.
fetching something from a source
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.
A relation of affinity or harmony between people.
There is no lady holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
regard something as probable or likely.
Two sumo ringers are not fighting
an indication or manifestation of something, often physical
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest in the dark
There is no man fitting a silencer to a pistol
A trick is being performed by a rollerblader on a ramp
study intensively as if preparing for a test
a man sits on a rock.
A man is climbing a rocky mountain.
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.
A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water
There are no dogs fighting for a frisbee in a lake
Give oneself entirely to a specific person,    activity, or cause.
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.
The brown and white dog is running though the brush-land.
Two dogs are in a grassy area.
Two dogs are playing in the grass.
Some people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.
A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
A man is rowing a canoe
the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace.
The man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
(computer science) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
endure or experience a painful event
make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically.
Three dogs playing in the snow.
For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
No motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
Engrave by means of dots.
have in mind as a plan or purpose
He also said Shockey is "living the dream life of a New York athlete.
A person is wiping butter on a tray
evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of.
A blonds girl is surfing
The man is abruptly knocked off of a horse
request or demand something from someone
Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.
a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving on dirt and people are watching
A Dalmation runs along a beach.
Messy computer desk with two monitors.
A woman is deboning a fish
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is looking on
sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
the introductory section of a story.
the value of a currency's conversion to another currency
Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
Some cheers are being performed by the girl in the blue and white uniform
The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings.
cause to be firmly attached.
express or transform in a new form or language
Two brown dogs runs through the water.
Two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall.
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
A young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
To move (the head or body) quickly    downwards or away (from something).
A black and orange bird is standing in the grass
The man is playing an acoustic guitar
the nature, makeup or constitution of something
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.
One herd of deer is crossing the street
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.
put an end to.
Men are sawing logs
enclose in or as if in a frame.
restore to a previous or better condition.
There is no dog bouncing on a trampoline
A girl in a white dress is running
These are dark days for our industry, Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.
(cause to) emit a brief burst of light
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.
A man and two women in a darkened room are sitting at a table with candles
A black and white dog running in a snowy park.
The man is cautiously operating a stenograph
Nobody is beating an egg
a consequence, outcome or result of something
The kids are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
A dog is running in the snow.
tolerate; aceept or take on as a responsibility.
Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."
One woman is slowly peeling a potato
A lemur is hanging on a rope
The man is not riding a horse by a creek
place too much a load on.
No snake is being fed a mouse by a man
One white dog and one black one are running side by side on the grass
A man is lumping dough
Some bikers are doing acrobatics on a track near water and a skyline
Two dogs are running and carrying a toy in their mouths
There aren't many people in the ice skating park
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.
A person is holding a skunk
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
A boy is standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
A woman plays with a brown dog.
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
The act of arranging elements together.
We are aware of the situation, said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
A woman is rowing a boat
There is no adult in the amphitheater talking to a boy
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
Someone is cleansing an animal
A small boy in waterwings and a bathing suit slides down a water slide.
Two dogs are running on the grass.
A young boy riding in a swing.
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected  62 percent of them female.
Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" in the United States.
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.
A man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him.
Someone is writing
appoint someone to (a position or a job).
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.
Three hikers are standing on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
A group of peoples posing in fur hats.
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset.
(cause to) lengthen or expand in time or some abstract realm
fasten by passing a rope through or around something
A person in a blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
There is no man massaging a woman
The man is running on the road
Two girls dressed like waitresses dance along with a man dressed as a chef.
District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer".
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.
a state of being elevated or raised
allow to have.
One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.
Two dogs are fighting
A mountain is being climbed by two men
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
Dog with a thick collar running through the grass
Medicines
A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes.
Fewer than 10 FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
People are riding two camels at the beach
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
Large group of people standing outside of a building.
A man is chopping butter into a small container
The brown and black dog is over top of the white dog.
There is no pet dog standing on the bank and looking at another brown dog in the pond
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.
protect or fight for as a champion.
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
There is no young man with brown hair and sunglasses sitting in front of some cans of soda
a specialized division of a large organization.
A boy is rock climbing.
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.
A dog, which is little and black, is chasing a little brown dog
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the right
A dog runs through the grass.
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.
He urged employees to "avoid complacency" and to "change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."
run or flow slowly
A middle eastern man is standing against a lamp post near to other people
On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.
A man is not riding a bicycle
A little bird floating in the water.
A man is breaking a slab of concrete with a sledge hammer
There is no man slicing some bread
Two black dogs walking through the snow.
Child milking a cow outside.
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.
Five people are standing in the grass with no dogs
Four people are walking on a bridge over a river
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a man with grey hair
A woman is boiling noodles in water
The small child is not wading through the water and is not being guided by another person
Several cardinals stand in the snow.
We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision, Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.
Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
the physical expanse of the universe
The yellow dog is drinking water from a container
A brown and white dog is passing under a red, yellow and white hurdle
an inherent aptitude or talent
There is no man drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
A cheetah is quickly running behind its prey.
A girl is playing a flute
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is jumping down off a dirt bike
A boy is climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
A woman wearing a plaid skirt stands holding a cigarette.
A man practices boxing
There is no man speaking on a stage
A man and a woman are not shaking hands
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.
get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally.
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance.
The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
Four children on stools in a diner.
A man sits on a horse with mountains in the background.
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.
The male, who is dark skinned, is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials.
A young child is running outside over the fallen leaves
There is no tiger cub making a sound
A boy is staring at a calendar
Two angels are making snow on the lying children
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops.
A group of people is equipped with protective gear
A woman and three men are denying a photo
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
A man is sitting on the grass and drinking from a water bottle
A brown and white dog is playing on the lawn
Two animals are running through the park
festive social event, celebration
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
A young kid is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
A man is putting seasoning on a pizza
the extreme endpoint of something
someone who frequently finds fault or makes harsh and unfair judgments.
A brown dog is running in the snow with a smaller black dog running behind it.
Man rowing a boat.
There is no man eating a bowl of cereal
A person is stupidly throwing a cat at the ceiling
The man is erasing the other man's work from the board
prepare, arrange; create or organize for a particular purpose
Rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave.
Four athletes are with a person in a crowded stadium
Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
A man is slicing an onion
The young man is rock climbing
Three children are running down a hillside covered by grass
A young child dressed for cold weather is standing outside
the force used in pulling.
suggest or prescribe a solution
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
Two people are talking
Four people are performing music outdoors
It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.
Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence.
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.
Two men are fighting in a pen for cattle
Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982.
Butter is being chopped into a container by a man
Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said.
A bike is being ridden by a person
the uppermost area of region of something
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.
The men are placing suitcases in the trunk of a car
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.
Boy with glasses typing on a computer.
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.
The doctor is not helping the patient
The child is playing with toys outdoors
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.
A monkey is riding a bike
feel hot or painful, as if burning
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.
a tan dog swimming in some water
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
A bird flying in the air
Black and white cat lying under bush.
A woman is frying meat
A boy in a striped shirt is playing in front of a water fountain
A tiger is not walking around
A black dog is running in snow.
In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.
affect with smut or mildew, as of a crop such as corn.
Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.
Three little children are sitting in the grass.
A woman is putting on lipstick
Dogs are racing on a track
A dog is opening a jar of food
A man in an orange shirt playing tennis.
Woman and dog in rowboat on the water.
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
A man on a bike in mid-air
Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four bottles of beer
A dog is standing on a mountain
The black and white dog is running and a person stands behind it
There is no large group of cheerleaders walking in a parade
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
A person is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
A group of dogs are racing and have muzzles on their noses
Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.
A black dog is jumping on a dock into a pond
There is no man sprinkling cheese on the pizza
Two people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
assign to a particular task
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk.
A black and white dog runs through pole obstacles.
A photographer is being surrounded by men
This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage, said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.
The kids ride a boat in the water.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is not standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.
A dog is leaping high in the air and another is watching
An officer is talking to the recruits
The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
A group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse.
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding veil
A man and a woman are walking across a rope bridge.
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.
the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth.
tie or fasten into a knot.
Nobody is cooking okra in a pan
The badger isn't burrowing a hole
A man in a blue jumpsuit is courageously performing a wheelie on a motorcycle
a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges (used for maintenance).
There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass.
Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list.
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.
On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.
move into and stay in a particular position
Two dogs run through a field.
Two men step off the bus together.
A person is brushing a cat
utter with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
Young men are dancing in front of some people
A man is playing a guitar that is acoustic
A motorcyclist "pops a wheelie" in a grassy field framed by rolling hills.
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.
a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal.
A woman is riding a horse
In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
The group of people is not sitting on a rocky ledge with a scenic view behind them
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.
take up, as of debts or payments.
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.
Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
Complain about something or say mean things    to someone.
(cause to) move abruptly, often making a short, sharp sound
A man is slicing the carrot with a machine
A white and brown dog is pacing through the water with difficulty
make out of components (often in an improvising manner).
The person in the blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
A man is riding a bicycle
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley,'' the Silver statement said. 
attract; cause to be enamored.
A dog, which is black, and a white one are staring at each other in the street
A woman is bowling two eggs to a break dancer 
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
There is no woman cracking an egg into a bowl
a military fortification, stronghold
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).
A brown and white dog is playing on the grass
A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A child jumps in the air at a bowling alley.
A woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
Several women are taking off pink bunny ears and are pointing to the left
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.
A man is strumming the guitar
A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.
A child cavorts on the road.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a clean wall
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.
The brown horse is far from a red barrel at the rodeo
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
Some milk is being hungrily drunk by a cat
The player is dunking the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
A woman is playing flute
Cook in cream or using cream.
A man is reading the email
the condition of living or the state of being alive.
Young couple sitting on couch.
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
A boy is wearing a white hat and is running on the beach
The young girl with a shirt dyed pink is peacefully lying on the grass
produce a click.
Two rams stand on snowy ground.
A boy of young age is playing in the park with his mother
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.
A boy in a band is playing the flute
pass by, over, or under without making contact.
regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem.
Move about in a confused or purposeless manner.
Paper is being cut with scissors
the lower part of anything.
A man is cutting a tomato
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink
the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw.
A small boy in a shirt, which is yellow, is laughing on the beach
A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table.
to combat or oppose someone or something
People are clustered around a bonfire at night
cause to turn from one course or use to another
A woman is cutting shrimps
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other children are playing in the background
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.
A group of cars parked on a hill
consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning.
There is no man squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
A child playing on a playground play set.
A man is mowing a lawn
remove by pinching or snipping
A skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
Two dogs running on the shore.
A brown dog is running through the grass panting.
a lone dog running in a dirty road
take up with the tongue.
This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."
A black dog with a red collar is amusedly putting its face in the water
A girl sliding down a pole
A motorcyclist without a helmet is waiting on a blue motorcycle near the road
These are dark days for our industry, the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
A cat is stuck on a moving ceiling fan
A baby rhino is shunning an adult rhino
A woman poses with a baby.
get involved with or mixed up
A black dog in the grass is holding a bird in his mouth.
expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.
The young boy is running through the ocean waves
A black and white photo of an empty train station.
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.
A feeling for something that is desired intensely.
Kids are riding horses in a ring.
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
Brown cow with horns standing in a field.
cause to be interested or curious.
A small boy in a green shirt is striping a sliding tube
A little boy is wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
A black bird is sitting on a dead tree
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.
A horse is being ridden by a girl
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
write as if with print; not cursive.
Wooden cabinets in kitchen.
Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest.
Two young soccer players race to the goal.
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.
convert the genetic information in (a strand of DNA) into a strand of RNA, especially messenger RNA.
Many cheerleaders are walking in a parade
Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
one fourth of a year
something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action.
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
The woman is measuring a man
A woman is standing near three children
the longer telegraphic signal of Morse Code
any large deep body of water.
Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
A man is getting a garage for the car
searching for or buying goods or services.
A boy is attentively looking at a calendar
A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.
a protective covering consisting of netting; can be mounted in a frame.
A little boy with brown hair is jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
A man is singing passionately
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
A woman is cutting a lemon
One man is climbing a cliff with a rope
There is no boy filling a pitcher with water
The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares.
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
Two men are playing table tennis
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
give out, allow to have
Two dogs play together on the bed.
An instance or action of being incorrect.
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."
There is no dog rolling from side to side
The man is not taking a picture of himself and another guy
The cheerleaders are not parading and are not wearing black, pink and white uniforms
A baby is playing with a dog 
I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower, he said.
The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.
And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre.
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.
A brown dog in running on grass.
The Dalmation is running through the woods.
a change which is a decrease
BASEBALL: strike out a batter
Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.
Nobody is jumping off a platform
a stronghold.
A small monkey is walking in the river
A young white child is not standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
A child is holding a squirt gun
There is no man chopping a log with an axe
There is no girl playing the piano
The horse is being ridden by the girl
A man is jumping into a pool
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee.
A motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a white motorcycle
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
A dog laying in the snow.
A man is taking pictures of a lake
A dog is in an area full of sand, with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
a restraint that checks the motion of something.
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks.
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.
Someone is nailing a camera lens with loud bangs
Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa.
A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan.
A black dog runs through a muddy bank.
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate, Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.
A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.
request urgently and forcefully.
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is raising her arm.
collect discarded, refused or damaged material
A man is riding a water toy in the water
On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
A black dog asleep in a car.
The girl is not carrying a sign and no group of people is following her
pass by means through a lock in a waterway.
Two people wearing hoodies huddle on a doorstep in the rain.
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
make ready for action or use.
A woman is slicing a carrot
The young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
Two dogs holding a single black Frisbee in their mouths
A baby tiger is playing with a ball
A boy is talking to a leaf
The brown dog and the black dog are in the grass
An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.
COMPUTERS: obtain data/images from magnetic tapes or with a beam of light
A brown dog wades in the water.
the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up.
move through with or as if with a rake.
The dogs are running in the snow.
A boy is whacking a man with a sword
Paper and scissors both cut
A black sheep is standing close to three white dogs
Two kids and a dog play in the snow.
A black dog with a red collar walks through the grass with his mouth open and tongue hanging out.
Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said "I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."
A person in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
The dog leaps over the fence in the park.
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a fence made of metal
Football players are stretching together.
The kid is sliding in the snow
A softball player swinging at a pitch.
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a dog with a brown coat in the grass
Subsist on a meager allowance or supply.
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.
the act of grasping into one's arms
A person is sitting on a mountain top
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
to grow rapidly
Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, the specialist said yesterday.
play on a string instrument with a bow.
The boy isn't playing the piano happily
manage, handle, or control something
remove the husks from.
People on an amusement park ride.
make up something artificial or untrue.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard in the back
Four girls are doing backbends and playing outdoors
A man riding a small bicycle.
A dog running through snow.
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
initiation, founding, introduction of something
A dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.
abstain from eating or from certain foods
A rainbow afghan is being held by a girl in gold and purple
A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background.
The woman is walking the dog
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
A black and white cat lies in the dirt.
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.
A person is dancing
The men are not climbing a mountain
move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion.
A woman waves as she rides a zip line.
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
One panda is climbing
Different football players are teaming on a field
come into the possession of.
make more complex or intricate
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.
A purple crowd of people is eating on various red lit restaurant tables
A bicyclist is holding a bike over his head in a group of people
A woman is firing a rifle
A woman picking up a large rock.
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.
have need of.
The person is slicing onions
make (a surface) shine.
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.
the act of surrendering or losing something of value
signify or mean to express or convey
the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.
clean, wash thoroughly
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
restrict or limit the range of
the act of sucking.
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
There is no brown duck with a green head flapping its wings in the water
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
There is no Asian woman holding a fur scarf
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity.
Two dogs play with purple football.
A man is freeing a fish
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
A woman taking her own photo from above.
Two people are in bed.
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.
The man surrounded by men with a camera is wearing a gray suit and glasses
U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
a state of pretending to be someone, something else
A woman is throwing volleyballs over a net
a bald man in grey is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it.
a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer.
mock or make fun of playfully.
make believe with the intent to deceive.
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
A young boy is jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.
A white hat is being worn by an Arabic man
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a white bike is catching up
A blond girl waves while she is riding
A man is playing a keyboard
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.
A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes.
a man dressed in a batman costume.
A large duck is perching over a rocky stream
pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals).
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
A dog is running through a pond
Young baby girl sitting on table.
The girl in blue is chasing the player with a number on the jersey
an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth.
issue bonds on something
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.
the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type.
A man who is wearing headphones is opening a package 
A skier in black is catching a tiny bit of air
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.
Two dogs playing in snow.
A dog gets its legs tangled with a stick.
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
A bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny
Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
Kids play soccer on a field.
Some teenage girls are standing still in front of the camera
A group of people standing outside of a building.
give a thrashing to, beat
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
A dog is standing in the sand.
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
There is no white race car driving through a puddle
the physiological activation of an organism or organ
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
A child and two dogs play in the water.
A brown dog digs in the sand.
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.
A father is pushing his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is watching
Some ingredients are being mixed in a bowl by a person
A motorcyclist with a red helmet is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
Some women are sitting together near woven walls
the act of escaping, fleeing
A woman in a red dress is putting away an instrument
In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
A small white dog is running in a lawn
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury.
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof).
Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.
protect with or as if with a shield
the speech act of making something evident.
A red and brown bird is perched on branches.
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
intend (something) to move towards a certain goal.
A girl wading through water in a lake.
The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
A baby is cheering another baby
be or have a quality of being
By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.
A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.
The person is in the snowy mountains.
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
A man is chopping a log with an axe
A little boy is playing a guitar
Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
A man is typing on a machine used for stenography
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".
Front and left side of a red double decker bus.
Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
an objective or goal
The guitar is being sold by a lady
the act of appraising, critiquing something
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.
something additional of the same kind.
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head on a lawn
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.
We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
The monkey isn't practicing martial arts
The log is lying on the panda bear
set or ask for a certain price.
Two people are riding a bike
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.
A brown dog runs near the water.
A curly coated dog looking at another dog in the water.
Three dogs are in the snow.
move in an irregular course
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
People riding horses in a fenced area.
the act of lifting something
a white dog runs across the water.
There is no woman squeezing juice out of a lemon
The back of a small black dog is being sniffed by the brown dog
The man is swimming in a body of water near a waterfall
Reloaded is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
the noise of something rapping against a surface
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.
A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
An official task or undertaking, usually funded
Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
Something is being celebrated by a cold cyclist
A black and white photo of cattle at a trough.
a small dog steps onto a log.
act of constructing
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain.
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.
A brown dog wearing a chain around its neck is shaking it head.
A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet.
A man is slowly trekking in the woods
Several people sitting at small tables in a darkened room.
A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet.
partake or provide a banquet
(meteorology) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter.
Two children hug one another.
The young girl blows a huge bubble.
Mr Pollard said: "This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.
A jet is flying
Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.
a reproduction or physical representation of something
A woman is putting away a carrot
state of being unified
Snow boarder on a pink board flying through the air.
A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe.
A black dog is playing with a brown dog on the sand
A pink bicycle is in front of a building.
travel across or pass over.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
behave violently, as if in state of a great anger.
A little black dog is running on the snow.
take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome
have flavor; taste of something.
A dog jogs through the grass.
There is no man loading a rifle with bullets
The furry brown dog is not running through the grassy area
Runners are not taking part in the race
A man is sky surfing on the water.
The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
shine intensely, as if with heat.
A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
The skateboarder is jumping in the air
France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent.
A man is singing and walking down the sidewalk
A dog is dropping a can
The person is flying through the air on the bicycle
the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged.
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
a formal or official social gathering or ceremony.
Two trains are traveling on the track.
A little white dog running through the sand.
There is no man thinking
The oriental lady is not cutting a carrot into thin pieces
the act of putting something to use.
Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
(Baseball) Tag the base runner to get him out.
An elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle.
A man in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
Two grey dogs running in green grass.
cause friction; wear away or erode
A dog shaking water off.
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
become the owner or posessor of something
A man in a black hat is touching a cardboard box
The woman is not picking up a baby kangaroo
With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.
a boundary area or edge of something
There are no women wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
the event of gradually vanishing from view
Supply food ready to eat, as for parties          and banquets.
A lady is standing near three children
indistinct vocal articulations
put a harness.
A girl dressed in purple and blue is walking beside her bike at night
A man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles.
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
A girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
A skier going down the snowy hill.
A woman in jeans is standing near a horse with a saddle
a list of particulars (as a playbill or bill of fare).
A woman leading a white horse.
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.
An elephant is being ridden by a woman
The group of people is sitting on a ledge which is rocky and a scenic view is behind them
A kid is cutting grass with scissors
There is no woman slicing a fish
But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
emit or cause to emit noise
A man is emptying a plastic container
They ransacked and burned the two villages completely, rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.
A man is putting away a carrot
(Cause to) become a fluid, as when heated.
pronounce with an initial sibilant.
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
A dog is chasing a ball on the grass
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting.
A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in the snow
A man is drawing some figures
ponder, consider, observe carefully
The girl, who is little, is combing her hair into a pony tail.
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.
A dog is running through some water.
Two men are playing guitar
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.
Four children are doing backbends in the park
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.
A black and white dog jumping into the air.
A medium sized brown and white streaked dog is running through tall grass.
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.
A boy wearing face paint walks along a red track.
A black dog is playing in the snow.
A shoe is being tied by a man
World news headlines displayed on a large screen.
Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would "need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June.
The man isn't intensely playing the guitar
make or become wider or more extensive
manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure.
A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.
Birds fly low over water.
throw quickly, flick
A little girl in a colorful dress is playing with a blue and red soccer ball.
make a tour of a certain place.
face an event and survive; endure
A person is performing acrobatics on a motorcycle
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
Fix (something old) with a new part; improve.
A group of sheep in a field.
A woman is sitting in the water.
scratch or scrape with claws or nails
Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.
a dog runs through the woods.
(cause to) move through a space, circuit or system, usu. returning to the starting point
Some bells are ringing near a cook slicing peppers
Four dogs are playing in a grassy area
The dogs are running through the water
Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.
move with a thrashing motion.
The guitar is being played by a girl
As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.
Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
Sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees.
make up something fictional or untrue
A man is holding a big animal in one hand
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
There is no woman slicing a carrot
a person who delivers information or goods
A young boy jumps off of a plank into a lake.
A woman in a coat reclines next to a payphone.
beat or pound rapidly
A boy is hanging a rod for fishing and running in front of a fish
Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations "ridiculous."
act against or in opposition to.
Two children are riding horses over sand near a white fence.
The girl isn't jumping onto the car recklessly
Blue bird standing on green grass.
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding drinks
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.
A black and white dog jumping to catch a ball.
A blond gear with a pink shirt is blowing on a dandelion.
take legal action against, as in court
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.
Two people wearing black are standing in front of a lit up statue.
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating.
A blonde boy in green is sitting on a swing
The woman is not waterskiing
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
The man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him.
The woman is stirring meat in a bowl
A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
A box is being cut by a man
Someone is typing on a keyboard
It will cost about $20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks.
The soccer player is not kicking the ball between somebody's legs
the act of validating the authenticity of something
cover with a primer base
A photo of a ride at an amusement park on an overcast day.
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.
Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino's Pizza sign.
make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief.
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.
A lean dog playing in tall grass.
Tofu is being sliced by a woman
A person is not doing a trick on a slide
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.
Two teenagers huddle in a doorway in the rain.
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room
An animal is emerging from a lake
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.
A dog is catching a ball
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
A greyish dog running in the snow.
Six dogs walking beside the beach.
A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.
Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.
the act of applying paint to a surface.
A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is close to a brown dog
learn by reading books.
have a range; be capable of projecting over a certain distance, as of a gun.
cost or monetary value of goods or services
A woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
A baby is licking a dog
A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.
a single tall stone, e.g., obelisk or monument
A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water
The south African plane is flying in a blue sky
A soccer player is scoring a goal
The man is dipping into a swamp
the length of time of a temporary cessation
A big cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and is jumping inside
an entertainer who attracts large audiences.
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head in a grass field
Children in swimming suits are playing in the water
Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
A black dog is running in the grass.
A puppy running along a street.
cover with a primer; apply a primer to.
Someone is taking the okra out of a pot
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case, Sax added.
A man is packing the guitar
hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of
A group of people are dancing at a concert
A man in a checked shirt stands next to a large wooden bowl.
fly in or as if in a glider plane.
A man in a black outfit is taking a photograph of a man in a red jacket.
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
cause to be agitated, excited, or roused.
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.
correct by punishment or discipline.
Three women with brown hair are smiling.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the side
a flock of sheep or goats
(cause to) relax, be at ease, assume a friendly manner
A basketball player is on the court floor and another one is grabbing the ball
There is no woman playing an electric guitar
A group of children in a church basement is playing guitars and tambourines
A person is removing eggs from a bowl
The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
an impression that something might be the case.
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.
A lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
A climber is parking with the children by a small statue
A passenger train in the snow.
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices
Two dogs are running and carrying an object in their mouths
Three hikers are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
There is no woman cutting onions
A woman is amalgamating eggs
an exclusive, privileged group of people
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
the outermost part of a car or truck wheel
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.
the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion.
According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
A person is peeling a banana
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
raise or haul up as if with a mechanism
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
A person is packing a zucchini
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
A black dog splashes through greenish water.
Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and is standing on the seat
Two girls are sitting on the ground
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something
A woman is jumping rope outside
A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl
A black dog carries a white toy in his mouth and walks on the snowy field.
Two boys on a couch are playing video games
sharpen a razor with a strap
A woman is slicing meat with a knife
Three dogs running through a puddle.
There is no man cutting a paper
A young child holds a spoon to it's mouth while sitting in a chair.
A man is skateboarding on a half pipe
Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
A dog is fetching a stick out of very dirty water
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
A woman and a man with a blue shirt are posing for a photograph.
any cause or source of great suffering
An aircraft is taking off
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.
There is no boy cutting grass with scissors
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.
A soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
room where work or repairs are done
the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner.
Drinks are being held by people pointing at the camera
Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.
Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.
Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.
A girl in a tie dye hat has a butterfly on her hand.
A girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
A brown dog and a red dog are frolicking on the beach
A topless girl is covered in paint
The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
end of the American Revolution
There is no cook slicing some bell peppers
A boy has a blue face and dirt on the shirt
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
wipe with a sponge, so as to clean or moisten.
the act of constructing something.
the act of hiring something or someone.
No dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
The man is going into the water
A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.
A black and white dog is running on the beach.
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is not walking near a rocky wall
the legal state of owing money
the act of governing, administrating
Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
A deer is jumping over a fence.
A little girl on a red jungle gym.
A woman is putting some sticky goo in a bowl
A young boy is jumping and covering nearby wooden fence with grass
Train in a station.
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.
A man is playing a bamboo flute
A young girl on Rollerblades.
Three dogs running on a racetrack.
A white car and a yellow car are racing down the track
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.
lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions.
Two dogs are playing inside
The girl is trotting on the horse
A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore
A little brown dog is running on the grass.
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.
Fine powdery material; the remains of something destroyed or broken up.
A man is eating a bowl of cereal
Four people are silently standing outdoors
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.
rot; become unfit for consumption
burst into flames (telic)
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.
a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible.
use up the whole supply of.
From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
be fond of.
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
changing one thing for another
Two women with dogs are walking on a forest path
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe.
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
A group of scouts are camping in the grass
a physical difficulty or obstacle
What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough, Covello said.
Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
Three no votes would kill it for now.
A basketball player is on the court floor and the ball is being grabbed by another one
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.
give a detailed account of
informal terms for the leg.
White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway.
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
Two men are taking a break from work
An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy.
A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
Three dogs play by a lake.
A man is slicing a potato into pieces
A father is in the swimming pool during his daughters launch
The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
Two dog play in the snow.
Two black dogs are playing on the grass.
a retail store with merchandise for sale
An empty office chair in a cubicle.
The tall person is setting fire to the cameras
A prey is quickly running behind the cheetah
drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground.
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
The whole thing is a travesty, fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."
Move as if unable to control one's manner or direction of movement.
A man is walking a woman through the woods
A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment.
A man crouching and holding a camera.
A dog plays in the snow.
A women and a dog playing outside
fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum
A cat is jumping into a box
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
make or become longer
Two brown dogs play in the water.
a group of people standing on a small balcony of a large building
Two dogs are running towards each other on a beach.
a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cause.
A man doing a pose is being watched by another man
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.
a gear for changing the motion of a machine to the opposite direction
Two children are playing
It is about a third of what I owe in the world, he told reporters.
A girl is playing a guitar
Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place, he said.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.
sink to a lower level or form a depression.
A person is unfolding a tortilla
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.
the act of  damaging something, causing breakage
Some young bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
Make a map of; show or establish the    features or details of; explore or survey for the purposes of making a    map.
A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall.
A dog in a colored coat is running across the yard
A woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.
The black and white dog isn't running and there is no person standing behind
an allotment or percentage of something
undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion.
the quality of being unlike or dissimilar.
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
Someone on a perch is looking at a small wooden cat that is on a white cabinet outside the window 
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.
A woman is flying through the air and landing on a bed.
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
The man is riding a bull which is mechanical
A shoeless woman is standing over a blanket near a lavender umbrella
A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.
The boy is riding a tricycle
Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers, writes Barrenas.
the action of extending outwards
unite; merge with something already in existence
A hockey player looks intently downward.
a soft pad placed under a saddle.
(statistics) a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance.
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.
be equal to in quality or ability.
A brown dog walks through snow.
make to a size; bring to a suitable size.
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.
The mountain gear is steadily placed in front of the standing biker
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.
There is no black and white dog jumping for a ball
get on top of; deal with successfully.
LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in mid air.
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
A horse is standing
A yellow flower is being clung to by a bee
Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
the state of being excommunicated.
A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces
pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking.
A black dog is running across a rocky landscape
maintain or assert.
maintain, assert, or claim
express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).
A man is making a speech on a podium
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates.
Some women are holding each other in a circle and dancing
A girl is running on a desert path.
Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.
A man is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
There is no man speaking on a podium
a nonresidential junior college offering a curriculum fitted to the needs of the community.
A dog is looking at a piece of furniture in a shop
a committee having supervisory powers.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a table
The man is doing a handstand on the wet sand at the edge of the water at the beach
treat with an agent; add (an agent) to.
Young boy on bicycle jumping off a ramp.
Some people are sitting on a low cement ledge
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
Three people are driving ATVs
the root or base form of a word
A double decker red United bus on a city street.
The status of being champion.
Two dogs running through a grassy field.
A boy, wearing a baseball cap, jumps in the air near some steps.
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.
An interview is being granted by the man
Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers.
A woman is cooking fish
the act of reducing the amount or number.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.
pay unsolicited sexual attention to
The person isn't dicing up an orange pepper
A man is pouring a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.
Somebody is jumping in the air on a board
have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something
(nautical) brace consisting of a heavy rope or wire cable used as a support for a mast or spar.
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
A boy waves around a sparkler.
Two dogs standing in the snow.
One small child is greedily drinking water from the cup
The man is erasing the drawing on the board
A lemur is licking a person's finger
A horse is falling on someone
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
The period of time during which a leasing contract is in effect.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10.
move to and fro or from place to place usually in an irregular course.
People in costumes are sitting in the street
A skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp.
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.
a small thin branch of a tree.
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.
The brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in it's mouth.
There is no man playing a harp
A young girl is jumping into a still lake
the legal granting or bestowment of rights
People sitting on the porch.
Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
a relation that provides the foundation for something.
A man in blue is riding a animal on a dirt road
A brown dog is digging in the dirt.
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor.
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
There is no kid playing guitar
increase the volume of.
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.
A person on a bmx bike.
appoint to clerical posts
a constructed underground passageway
Three people are standing by a bench under some palm trees
snatching or capturing a freely moving object
a state of extreme poverty.
A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.
A man is holding a mask in his raised hand
A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy
There is no man putting some cheese on a pizza
A girl is skateboarding on a half pipe
The man is playing a game on the grass
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.
Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
sorting one thing from others.
A group of men is playing soccer on the beach
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
There is no family posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
The black and white dog is running through the bushes.
Two children are climbing a tree
A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.
a brief statement.
A man is cleaning the sink
Black and white cows grazing in a pen.
A football player is carrying an official past a rolling football
a channel for communication between groups.
The elderly lady is waiting on the sidewalk
A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
A man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation.
PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.
treat, process, heat, melt, or refine in a reverberatory furnace.
Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
A group of people is standing on both sides of a red stone structure
A daughter is being pushed by her father on a go-kart and another girl is watching
There is no man singing and playing a guitar
A man is falling off a horse on a track and is laid in the wild
A person is doing a trick with some cards
A child with his hands on his head.
A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow.
A dog in a bucket is biting a tree which is probably a pine
An indicator that orients one generally.
Four people wait outside in a line for ticket.
A man is doing pull-ups
the intended meaning of a communication.
Two little girls playing on the parallel bars.
Fighting continued until midnight, western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.
join or attach with or as if with glue.
A man is running in a field
Two trains inside a train station.
the amount by which something decreases.
A red and white England bus drives down the street.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.
The black dog is running through the grass.
A woman is tapping her fingers nervously
a dog sprints across the grass.
A woman is dancing near a fire
The woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.
A woman and a man are amused by headphones.
Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
A person is peeling an onion
The person with the green shirt is jumping high over the grass
A man is playing the drums
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.
Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.
People are crossing a rope bridge over a rocky stream
Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said.
Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region.
A boy is playing a piano
In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".
A man in a car is not pulling up beside a woman who is walking along a road
Three dogs racing on a dirt track
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a    string
There is no seated woman singing a song and playing the guitar
A man is passionately playing a guitar
Small dog chews on a big stick.
A man on a motorcycle is not riding on one wheel
A person is stirring vegetables in a pot
A girl with a bikini is playing in the dunes
A black and white dog is playing with a broken ball
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
A dog in the backyard is carrying black fur in a basket in its mouth.
The lady is slicing up the meat
A girl is surrounding brown dressed children who are closing the eyes
The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage, Hubbard said.
utter words loudly and forcefully.
Three men are practicing karate outdoors
A child is missing a baseball
A baby is toddling happily
A truck is quickly going up a hill
glare or strike with great intensity.
A kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him.
A steak is being rinsed with water by a person
The milk is being drunk by a cat
A man is walking down a road
break up a solid, usually into a solution
Nobody is playing ping pong
A man and a woman are in a beige room, wearing dark colored shirts and a monitor is in the background
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
equip with a fuse
A child playing in water.
A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block, looking out.
A woman and a dog rowing down a wide river.
The cowboy is tossing the blue and red pants towards the horse
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.
expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
A woman is slicing an onion
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.
the trade of a funeral director.
A surfer is leaning the surfboard against a wall
A dog is chasing a ball in the grass
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.
Two girls arm wrestling, while another looks on.
A person is bowling the ingredients to the man at the mixer
Two kids are sitting on colorful balls
A man is catching a fish
escape or avoid a situation or responsibility
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
Two people are standing next to a waterway canal.
The man is carelessly smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
There is a boy wearing jeans and a baseball cap jumping in the air.
return in thought or speech to something.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.
A man is slicing a bun
A dog is running on a muddy path
A dog is chasing the tail of an animal in the grass
adherence to moral principles
A woman is watching the lake
Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
A white dog running on sand.
A woman is playing the violin
Two white cows in a green pasture.
A person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.
Three Asian kids are dancing and a serious man is looking
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.
Stand with arms or forelegs raised, as of menacing.
A person is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience
A crowd of people is far from the water
Two green and white trains on tracks.
Two dogs holding one Frisbee in their mouths.
the act of providing help or aid to someone
A lion is pacing tiredly in a pen
A small white cat standing in a sink.
The man isn't lifting weights
That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.
These children are playing on a trampoline outdoors.
be pertinent or relevant or applicable.
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
subject to political, religious, or moral censorship.
There are no children playing on a statue
cause to go into a solution.
There is no man dressed in black and riding a green bike
A woman who is taking off a pink boa is stopping her bicycle on a bridge built for pedestrians
A man is standing bare-chested beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting," he said to thunderous applause from his supporters.
Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief.
The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.
(cause to) burst or open, usually with a sharp sound
A white bus with water and a barge in the background.
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.
the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts.
The muscular black man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
A man in a black wetsuit is surfung in the waves.
A woman is slicing herbs
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is phoning someone
A group of people having a drink.
A black poodle plays in the snow.
A woman is not cutting broccoli
put up with something or someone (unpleasant)
the act of coming to land after a voyage.
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a string
A young boy is jumping off a chair
Small dog sitting next to white wall.
PNC regrets its involvement in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.
Some bikers are not getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
A little girl is smiling and running outside
It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.
A girl is eating a cupcake
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass.
A brown dog is running through water with a stick in its mouth.
The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy.
Envelop completely; form a cover over.
The girl is sitting on the couch and is crocheting
The woman is not chopping garlic
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a ball
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
A woman wearing a pink Tinker Bell jacket leans against a railing.
Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
A squirrel is lying down
A person above their surfboard on the water.
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.
Look furtively at something.
A man is hurriedly getting into a car in a garage
The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum, and we won't give up, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
A white jeep parked in front of a store.
A boy at the bottom of a hill covered in snow is naked and is sitting on his knees
A person near an onion has a cut
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.
the act of making up your mind about something.
put in a horizontal position.
A cat is eating some corn
the event of coming to a stop, ending something
a disease of the heart.
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
There is no person slicing a potato
two motorbikes on a dirt track.
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
A pitched tent with a horse in the background.
Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field.
a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water.
Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
reduce (petroleum) to a simpler compound by cracking.
A boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide.
facility for secure storage of things, often money
A white dog runs into a lake.
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
A black man is skillfully break dancing on the pavement
The BMX bike rider jumps a grassy dirt ramp.
become quiet or still; fall silent.
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
The woman is pouring oil into a skillet
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another brown dog in the pond
A monkey is wading through a marsh
An old woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
Bring back to life, return from the dead
A man water skis while attached to a parachute.
create something in the mind
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry
The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
A big dog and a small white dog are walking past each other
a surfer rides up the wave.
A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.
A dog is running uphill
Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
Two boys wearing matching blue swim caps swim in a lake.
The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
There is no man on a bicycle riding on the beach
A fully dressed person is behind a pile of rocks and a clear sky is in the background
A large group of Asian people is eating at a restaurant
A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch.
Two men are playing ping pong
a device to control the rate of some activity, e.g., chemical or mechanical
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with an internet camera
A woman in a top which is purple is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.
The man isn't doing a magic trick
a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious.
What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do.
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
A woman is preparing an egg in a skillet
A sheep standing on a table at auction.
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.
A man in a white hat is playing guitar on stage
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.
move or change one's own position or quality
the greatest possible degree of something.
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.
A dog is leaping through the grass.
A man on a motorcycle is riding on one wheel
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.
The players is maneuvering for the ball
A child is smashing a snow ball
A dog running through the water.
A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.
A girl in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.
A man is wearing a hat which is hard and is dancing
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some boulders with water in the background
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.
A young boy is jumping onto a chair
The large brown dog is not running outside in the dirt
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
There is no cheetah quickly running behind its prey
Young couple sitting on a black couch.
DELIVER THE GOODS: attain success, reach a goal
A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.
A young boy isn't climbing a wall made of rock
highly infectious viral disease
A little girl is smiling and running out of the house
There is no woman pouring ingredients into a bowl
A woman is staging a dance
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
A boy wearing a red shirt runs along a beach.
Two cows cross a paved street.
There is no young boy playing a wind instrument
A man is wearing a sports uniform and is running down the field
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are quickly moving through snowy terrain
Surround completely; close in, as if with a    covering or border.
There is nobody jumping in the air on a board
A person is pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."
A young boy with a purple Mohawk playing the violin.
the act of competing as for profit or a prize.
conscious subjective emotion or desire
The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
the positively charged dense center of an atom.
A magic trick is being performed by the magician
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
Someone is banging the lens of a camera against a nail
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high
an appraisal of the value of something.
move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle.
the occupants of a floor.
a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect.
move faster, or cause to move faster
A large green ball is hitting a potato
The girl, who is little, is swinging and the woman is standing behind
Boy lies on stomach in grass.
Dalmation running along the beach.
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
A man is buttering a piece of bread
No skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
A tan puppy being petted.
A man and a woman are sitting in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
A lion is slowly moving around
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.
The stiching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
A bird eating from a bird feeder.
Five people on a sidewalk.
the state or fact of being an owner.
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday.
That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
Try to gain favor by flattering or showing    submission or fear.
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.
an onerous or difficult concern.
Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
move by turning over or rotating.
There is no man running down the road
A man is carrying a woman
A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and reading a book
The young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
There is no dog licking a baby
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
Two young girl are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a toy
Two men with bikes are on the side of a snowy road
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said.
A woman plays a video boxing game on a big screen.
Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
The brown dog is not sniffing the back of a small black dog
A man is slicing butter
A white dog, a brown dog, and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table.
But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
A girl does the backstroke in the pool.
Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
A soccer player is being tackled by his opponent
A man and a woman are walking through a desert area
A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.
make purer, more intense, as by removal of extraneous elements
Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
Three dogs playing on grass.
The girl, who is little, is ruffling her hair
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
A few women are holding each other and dancing together
Someone is playing with a toad
contain or have a specific wording or information
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
One man is chopping a log with an axe
A baby elephant is not eating a small tree
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by a woman
Large white cruise ship floating on water.
Two people wearing helmets are driving over the yellow and white flowers
A boy is wearing all black and is sliding down a blow up yellow slide
A man is tying the shoe
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.
A young girl with painted face is standing next to some other children
A tree is falling over a bridge made over the river which a dog is crossing
A baby is crying
move an implement through with a circular motion, mix
The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY= , virtually flat on the session, and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF= , down 0.1 percent.
A red sled is being held by a little girl in a green coat and a boy walking in the snow
The woman is not poking holes in the potato
Someone is dismantling a piano
The girl is erasing the other man's work from the board
Two men are competing in a tire rolling race
According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.
A woman is riding a Seadoo
The man is handling a gun
strive against another or others to attain a goal
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
A brown duck with a green head is flapping its wings in the water
A race car driver is standing up and pointing his hand at the sky
a dog sprints across the water.
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
A boy, who is wearing a blue coat, is being held by his father under an umbrella 
A girl in a black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
A woman is frying something
The cheetah is running quickly behind its prey
A woman is playing a guitar which is electric
A boy is jumping on the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early.
To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample.
put heels on a shoe
A woman is being measured by another woman
the state of inactivity following an interruption.
A group of boys is not playing soccer on the beach
Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative  but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
The lady is measuring the ankle of another woman
A man and a woman are standing still in the woods
A dog is running towards a ball
It''s absurd, Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.
Organize anew, as after a setback; collect or compose oneself.
travel along a zigzag path.
A dog is eating a doll
The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken
utter in a certain way
the black and white dog is running through the ocean.
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are running through snowy terrain
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
A surfer does a flip on a wave.
A boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race.
A yellow school bus parked in a field.
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow.
A cowgirl is riding a brown horse and is cornering a barrel
A dog is pulling a monkey's tail
A dog is playing in the deep snow.
the introductory portion of a story
A girl in a costume participates in a parade.
A woman is peeling food
The cat is playing keyboards
social sphere, scope of activity or interest
The man is stirring oil
A cow is eating grass
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.
A white Jeep parked on a street.
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.
a sudden emotional vocalization
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.
The man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of the dog
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
concentrate on a particular place or spot.
The parrot is silent in front of the microphone
Two dogs running down a path in the woods.
The person on the motorcycle is holding up his arm
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
A group of racing dogs is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
do something considered below one's diginty
A woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
A black and white cat standing in front of a window.
make tight or tighter.
The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
someone who controls resources and expenditures.
The presentation is being watched by a classroom of students
a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic.
The woman is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.
A woman is carefully deboning a fish
Someone is holding a hedgehog
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
a quantity of money added to a bank account
having an intuitive understanding or appreciation of something
A person is recklessly riding a horse
A waterfall is flowing into a shallow pool
A young child is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
An animal is running in circles
A door is being opened by a man
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a plant
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
the management of someone or something.
the successful ending of the American Revolution.
have or exploit a monopoly of.
create code, write a computer program.
A child with a gun that sprays water is laughing and getting hit by other boys
A group of friends are riding the current in a raft
A few men are playing cricket
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.
But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
a young baby girl wearing a white outfit swinging in a baby swing
A black shirt is being worn by a man who is sitting at the table and laughing
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.
Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.
The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
register formally as a participant
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.
the actors in a play.
give certain properties to something.
There is no man slicing potatoes
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
A shirtless man is playing football on a field
lessen in force or effect, restrain, weaken
an assertion offered as evidence, a line of reasoning
an instance of halting some motion
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
the state of being actual or real.
A little dog is sprinting and the person who owns it is trying to catch it
A young blonde child holding an airplane.
become aware of through the senses
A bicyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
the center region of an object
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
A man and a woman are walking through a wooded area
A girl in white is dancing
A man is puking
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision.
People running away from seagulls on the beach.
A man is cutting a boot with a blade
Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC.
A man with a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
A man is flooring a sitting guitar player
A close-up of a sheep in the grass.
a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest.
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.
the state of being joined or united or linked.
The state of being pleased with life.
give a deceptive explanation for; cover up
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles
The cyclist is performing a trick in the air
Signal (approval or interest) by winking; briefly shut one eye.
A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
The young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch a red ball
Some people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
Start abruptly, ignite
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
a single great stone (often in the form of a column or obelisk).
The person is playing with a skull
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a sunny day
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the seashore
A baby is not crawling happily
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.
the act or capability of seeing
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.
Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent.
warn or call to a sense of preparedness
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne.
Little white lamb with nose to wood.
make an incision or separation
Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.
the flavor quality of something
A chef is cleaning a bowl of soup
Draw in and expel air through lungs.
A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass
A dog, which is brown, is jumping in the air
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
sacrifice or toll required to achieve something
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.
Preserve in a tin or jar.
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a car
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud, prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.
Sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees.
The players is maneuvering for the soccer ball
A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
Two women are wearing bikinis on the beach which is sandy
A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll.
Three boys leaping in to a swimming pool.
A man is doing a trick on a skateboard
The kitten is playing with a toy
pass into by penetrating or permeating
Two men are racing in a tire rolling competition
The person in the blue jacket is putting down a colorful helmet
The bride is leaving the groom after the wedding
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.
Brown and white dog running through a grassy field.
Kids are not dressed in costumes and playing a game
A white bird flying up onto a tree.
Young boys play touch football.
The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough.
Two people are sailing a small boat.
change the inherent purpose or function of something.
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a blue coat
A green car parked outside the saloon.
A bee is clinging to a yellow flower
A man is boiling noodles in water
Three pole wait for a bus outside a building.
There is no child holding a squirt gun
Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.
(medicine) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease.
create an edge or border
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
Two blond women are sitting by a fountain.
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.
(cause to) become less clear or indistinct
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground.
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
say mean things.
A woman is swiftly cutting an onion
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.
Four boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
Black bird standing on concrete.
A small black and white dog is swimming in water.
A cat is playing keyboards
There is no person on a bike jumping through the air with the sun flaring through the bike frame
Five wooden stands are in front of each child's hut
A cat is playing with a device
A motorbike rider is jumping over a person on a sandy track
A woman is sitting on the grass and is drinking from a water bottle
a participant who is a beginner in some activity
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.
A child in a white shirt standing in a field of grass.
A blond kid is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
A girl slides down a purple slide.
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
Three dogs race in the snow together.
spend time in prison
Women are wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are pointing at something in the distance
make tracks on a surface
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
the rotating motion of an object
Two dogs and two people are walking in a wood
A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts.
A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.
The woman is playing a guitar which is electric
Man on green bicycle performing a trick on one wheel.
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.
Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.
The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was "doing okay."
A man is not talking on the phone
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee.
Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.
A man is cutting an onion
A backpack standing beside a train.
There is no man breaking wooden boards with his hand
the successful action of solving a problem.
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
clean with hard rubbing.
A woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk.
state of being unclothed, naked
shoot down birds
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.
impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of.
A dog leaps over a fence.
the act of cutting off length, snipping off
the act of giving someone a job, hiring someone
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
A man is being roped by a climber
Three friends are making faces for a photo
A man is outside close to a target for blade throwing
destroy the peace or tranquility of.
Two dogs play by a tree.
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Two toddlers are sleeping in a wagon, which is really small
The man is playing a piano
angle with a hook and line and draw through          water
make noise like bad engine
There is a squirrel sitting up in the grass.
The person is playing the flute
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
A woman dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.
A skateboarder makes a jump off a ramp.
A bird flies above the water.
Cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded.
the act of winding or twisting.
Germinate, as in a plant.
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.
Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the lawn
Two people in two chairs are reading pleasantly
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.
A woman and three men are posing for a photo
Several jumpers are swimming in the water
Become pregnant.
issue bonds on.
There is no boy in a white t-shirt splashing in shallow water
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .
A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
A girl is combing the hair of a little pony's tail
Different teams are resting on a field
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.
Two people are riding a motorcycle
heat a metal prior to working it.
A light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end.
Three men are staring at the big green hills in the distance
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash.
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.
Doubt or an impression that something might    not be the case.
a written list of particular things being offered
A boy is playing a wind instrument
There is no young boy jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut.
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
A human utters words loudly and forcefully.
A brown dog plays in the snow.
Children in red shirts are playing in the leaves
A small boy in a yellow shirt is laughing on the beach
But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down.
A young man in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
Two bikes are being ridden by two people
A group of boys is playing soccer on the seashore
A dog is running on the ground
scrape or rub as if to relieve itching.
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
A white dog with a collar is running.
provide with a toggle
the act of hearing attentively.
Several people are sitting at small tables in a darkened room
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.
Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table.
the pulsation of the heart
A man is not wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
the bestowing of a franchise, enfranchisment
strike with horror, surprise, disgust
A woman in a green coat is standing near a pay phone.
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
There is no man standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
extend in a different direction.
Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.
A dead bird is near a black man sitting on a tree
Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said.
A young child slides down an orange slide.
The brown dog and the red dog are frolicking on the beach
Children in swimming suits are playing in the pool
A boy, who looks young and is wearing a red swimsuit, is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike dangerously along a roadway
Two twin preteen boys are playing with cards
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
A woman is being caged for the dance
Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop.
A group of football players is standing still in the field
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
the general activity of selling.
Two airplanes in the sky.
A person is making a bed
the act of perpetrating a crime
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.
A brown dog is dropping a colored toy from its mouth
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.
Two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table.
A man kayaks in rough water.
be or act in association with.
Four dogs are playing in a area covered by grass
the act of providing assistance, giving aid
A white airplane is on a runway.
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photo
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
provide with power and authority.
A biker is jumping in the air, alone
This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.
A man is playing the keyboard with his nose
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
the termination of a meeting.
A man on a bike nest to a river.
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.
A person is not playing a keyboard
A dog with a yellow toy in its mouth.
The crowd is watching two cars designed for racing that are leaving the starting line
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
(Cause to) smell bad.
An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays.
prepare for/put to action or use
There is no man cutting a rope with a sword
A woman is planting some flowers
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
to wind or move in a spiral course.
A grey dog standing in a grassy field.
A bubble blew, dyeing the girl's shirt red.
provide lodging for
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
A bike is ridden on the road by a young boy in a helmet 
Change the purpose or functioning of a system.
Regain or make up for, as of a financial loss.
The black bird is sitting in a leafless tree
Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.
A boy in a swimsuit is sitting on top of a circular fountain
A person by some cameras is blowing on a burning torch
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.
A rocker is sitting with a t-shirt that has a man over a grey waterfall on the front
not succeed in achieving some abstract thing
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.
a sculpture of a human or animal
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
There is no woman slicing a potato
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats
A chubby faced boy is wearing dark glasses
Two dogs playing on carpet.
an approximate attribute or quality of something
A pair of kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
A black and white dog jumping over a red and white bar.
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
be intermediate between two taxonomic groups.
Four middle eastern children, three girls and one boy, are climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
the state of being active.
open again, open anew
A tan dog leaps into the water.
The woman is not cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
A man and a woman are having a conversation
Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.
By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
A dog is scattering a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
A cartoon airplane is landing
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is walking on the tennis court
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
Kids are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
economics: raise demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices, after a period of deflation.
Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.
The woman walking is wearing a skirt and boots.
move as a crowd or in a group.
A group of girls on a beach.
A person is not holding a skunk
A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.
There is no small guinea pig gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
Three boys playing soccer.
A man is slicing onions
A bus drives down a busy road.
A horse is being ridden by a man
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
take or capture by force.
Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.
be the culminating event.
A man is riding a motorcycle
The snowboarder is jumping off a snow covered hill
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
to fill with coal or oil
A man with a helmet painted red is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
A woman, who is old, is near a white dog
the act of changing the location of something.
A man rides a large black motorbike.
A woman is brushing her feet
fasten by passing through a hole or around something.
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.
a cause of pain or injury or loss.
Three football players from red team tackling one player from white team.
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.
throw a glance at; take a brief look at.
The man is not dancing
A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.
look at or observe something or someone
A seabird is flying over some rocks
But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
A dog is running up a grassy hill
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.
I really liked him and I still do, Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.
A dog is chasing a ball
People wearing costumes are gathering in a forest and are looking in the same direction
A group of people are in the water.
A person is not tearing paper
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation.
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
A dog is caught mid air with a ball
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.
A young boy holds his head to a baseball bat on the green grass.
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
A dog is running on a snowy road
Two women are wearing bikinis and walking on the sand
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.
A man with a shirt is holding a football
Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
A woman is not slicing an onion
A white dog is lying on fallen leaves
A close-up of a horse.
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
A little black dog is chasing a little brown dog
Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill.
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.
A man wearing a white helmet is in the water.
Two dogs on the beach.
Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
A group of rollerbladers is lining up on the street
The children of a family are playing and waiting
Protect or strengthen with sandbags.
A boy is sitting in a seat
They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.
A man in a batman suit running.
A boy is standing in the water
A man on a bike is riding on the shore
The kid is happily sliding in the snow
A person is riding a bike
A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.
The act of dividing or disconnecting.
Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
The dog is running through deep snow.
There is no dog running in the grass
House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
a physical framework of crossing strips, often wooden
propagation of waves back from a surface
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
Some people playing rugby are tackling each other
a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area.
Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
cause to become violent or angry.
A man climbing a rock-face.
I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower, Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home.
A group of dogs racing.
to cause to become quiet
A girl jumping on a sand dune at the ocean.
It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.
the termination, ending of a meeting
A group of men playing brass instruments.
A man is mixing
A man is rowing a boat
Supply with water for crops, as with    channels, ditches, or streams.
A man is coming out of the water
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.
The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.
There are several sheared sheep in a pen.
The brown dog is wearing a black collar.
A person playing football is running past an official carrying a football
A person is absently cutting mushrooms with a knife
The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone.
The woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
A brown dog is running breathlessly across the yard with a toy in its mouth
His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
hold or embrace in a tight grip
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagin was a member, welcomed his release.
become engaged or intermeshed with one another.
a unit cost of something
There is no little boy wearing a green soccer strip and running on the grass
A little girl and a woman wearing a yellow shirt are getting splashed by a city fountain
Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.
having responsibility for managing or supervising
Some ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
a business firm that publishes newspapers.
lessen in force, impact, or effect
cover with or as if with a cloak.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.
A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
any affliction that causes great suffering.
A little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm.
a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.
A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing
Two white dogs running in grass.
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain.
Two dogs playing in the snow near a chair.
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a tennis ball
a knapsack, bundle on the back
make fit for a specific purpose
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain.
remove to or from a place or situation
Runners are racing down a track
A man in jeans resting on a striped bench with his feet on a luggage cart
Two dogs on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
A baby is sneezing and frightening another baby
grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws
The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
an interpretation, an account or reading of an event or situation
the act of colliding with something.
A cat is playing on a moving ceiling fan
reach an objective, attain a benchmark or goal
give a performance (of something).
partake in a feast or banquet.
be affected with smut or mildew
A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles.
A man and a woman are eating
Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday.
The seagull is floating on the water.
Red sports car on top of white semi truck.
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
appear or become visible; make a showing.
Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong.
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.
Three men are lying on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
a detention center for prisoners or drunks
the act of taking something that is offered.
There is no man sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.
drive forcibly as if by a punch.
a tan and white dog jumping after a red Frisbee.
A man is spanking a boy with a plastic sword
An old man is sitting in a field
the status or fact of being elected.
a continuous horizontal layer of brick
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the water and looking right at the camera
gather, as of natural products.
economic term: raise economic demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices to experience reflation
A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.
A group of young asian children pose for a picture at a table.
alter the shape of (something) by stress.
establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts.
Two teams are enthusiastically playing soccer
rise to surface; become visible or known
A man and a woman are not eating
A woman is dancing near a fireplace
A man is cutting the tape on the box
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.
Two dogs either fighting or playing together.
Somebody is playing the piano
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
A close up of an ostrich face.
The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
A boy is holding a squirt gun
A dog is catching a black frisbee
The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.
Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone.
During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.
Three enemies are making faces for the camera
A man is singing a song and playing the guitar
Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.
touch, lift, or hold with the hands.
A white dog sniffing sheep through a fence.
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.
Two boys playing in water.
A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.
A black dog is shaking off water.
A woman is dancing and singing with other women
A dog is running on a snowy path
A person is chopping a red onion
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
take vows, as in religious order.
A young boy covered in ink stands in front of a white door.
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
A group of people paddle their blue inflatable raft down the rapids.
A boy is studying a calendar
A little boy with a bib is not watching the camera
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.
Black train on train tracks.
A black dog is jumping from a cylindrical hay bale
a bird lands in the water.
The show for the small child is being set on an exciting swing at the park
a brief experience of something.
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.
In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history, Bush said.
The player in purple, white and black is playing near the end of the field
Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
the primary information-processing component of a computer, of a microprocessor chip
work with a tool.
There is no rhino grazing on the grass
become due
provide with a soundtrack or voiceover
The ice hockey goalkeeper is not wearing a yellow jersey and is not defending the goal
People are sitting near a wall
A man is pouring cleaner into the sink
The little boy is riding a bicycle in a race
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
The man is jumping into the water.
A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.
A woman is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
take in marriage.
A wet boy is cheerfully jumping around on dirty and wet grass
Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month.
A woman is showing a small dog to an infant
The sheep is standing under the trees.
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.
Two girls jump out of swings.
A person is playing the keyboard
A pale tan dog is carrying a stick in its mouth outside.
Several ferrets are climbing out of the cage
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.
a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence.
A cruise liner docked at a port.
The brown dog is spotting a black dog and is playing in the dry grass
Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer.
A white bicycle stands on a floor.
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.
a natural physical force of drawing towards something
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.
There is no child in a red outfit jumping on a trampoline
Tiles are being broken with his hands by a man
The man is playing the guitar and has the guitar case open for donations
The violin is being played by a little girl on a beach
a person who conveys (carries or transmits).
Funeral direction
An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event
Two young men are cheerfully playing outside near a golden statue
A woman in a red dress is playing an instrument
A dog in in a car.
Nobody is on a motorcycle and is standing on the seat
Some oil is being poured on the tomatoes by the man
A man is uninterestedly holding a sign and is seeking money
There is no man cutting onions
A black dog is jumping off a dock into water
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
The act of having and controlling property.
A man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
lack of agreement or harmony.
provide a feast or banquet
A brown dog sits on the beach.
The Hulk took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record.
A hockey player during a game.
The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
A woman riding a brown horse.
A group of people are standing
A paper plate is being cut by a man
A black and white dog is playing with a tattered volleyball in a brown field
the political head of city government
A man is chopping an onion
A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate.
Someone is stroking the belly of an animal
Cows grazing in a snow covered field.
Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball.
A large black dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal.
A black dog is running in the grass and its tongue is hanging out
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.
The man is practicing the guitar
There is no woman wearing sunglasses of large size and holding newspapers in both hands
The dog is chasing the ball
separate into constituents by soaking.
A man is petting two dogs
Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.
a computer program that performs system support
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
put under the control of the federal government
A nude lady is walking in front of a crowd in body paint
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."
Animals are playing in fountains that spray water from the ground
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
The cats are playing with each other
The little girl jumps up into the air with the sand beneath her.
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
the day immediately before today.
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
A dog is pushing a toddler into a rain puddle
the act of moving from one place to another.
A person is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
Five people are standing in the grass with some dogs
the quality of being of practical use.
the act of dropping something.
There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.
Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.
Two dogs bound over a flower-covered hill.
The dark skinned male is not standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
A girl in a brown dress is being surrounded by children and is closing her eyes
concrete enactment of an idea or concept
The piano player is being a tough man
There is no woman cutting a vegetable
a negative or undesirable aspect of something
The woman is playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.
Two dogs are running through high grass
A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach.
A gold dog jumping off a wooden porch.
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.
A brown dog is running across the snowy ground.
There is no football player in a purple jersey running with the ball for a touchdown
Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the sea
Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
A woman is frying some food
The man is standing in a lake near a waterfall
a black and white cow standing in the field.
the act of forcing yourself (or being forced) into or through a restricted space.
A group of four hiking through a snowy forest.
remove water from.
emit a steady even light without flames.
(cause to) become overloaded or overcharged
Two white puppies are playing near a pool
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping on a masonry pyramid
A woman is riding a scooter towards the water
Brown dog running on the beach.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is lying down
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
work as a tinker (fix pots and pans)
make lighter or brighter.
A badger, which is shrewd, is digging the earth
A flute is being played by the man
The boy is playing in the sand.
Nobody is playing the guitar and singing
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.
Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
There is no man doing pull-ups
limit, keep under control, deter, forbid
Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
be relevant or pertinent
put together out of artificial or natural components or parts.
a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition
physical matter left behind after a removal process
the act of passing something to another person.
A person holding a net is standing in the water.
Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
(slang) a person's girlfriend or boyfriend.
A man is doing a card trick
to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away.
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness.
A man is cutting onions
Old blue and white train on tracks.
consider as part of something.
A man is planting a tree
the act of projecting out from something.
There is no girl in white dancing
This dog is jumping through the water.
A girl is styling her hair
a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store.
area of damaged, cut tissue on a living body
Dark colored dog standing in grassy field.
A little boy wearing boxers is holding a fist up and standing in front of a brick wall.
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart          for a specific purpose or use.
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
A young girl is looking at a woman in costume
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.
A woman and three men are posing motionlessly for a photo
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
A little girl swimming in a pool.
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.
A black-and-white dog running in the water.
One girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
A kid is jumping his bike over a fence.
bring into a different state.
A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.
Two children are walking along a street wearing yellow backpacks.
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are not chasing a ball
observe with care or pay close attention to.
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor
Three dogs are running on the grass.
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.
Person snowboarding at a ski slope.
extend out or project in space.
Make a copy with the intent to deceive.
act or do something in reaction to something
The dog is not knocking the boy into the water
Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
There is no man dancing
A black and white dog is running outdoors
A dog rolls on the ground.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
A woman is putting on makeup
A man is making a sketch
No race car is on a road in front of a grassy parking area
The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration.
In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
A young boy is jumping out of the water
make a schedule; plan the time and place for events.
A middle aged man and woman are riding bikes down a road beside the water
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
Two children playing in the snow.
There is no lemur eating
earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something.
A black dog running into the water.
express or raise an objection or protest or criticism or express dissent.
Two dogs play in the snow
take up or begin anew.
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.
travel; make a tour of a place
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.
A woman is leaning on a racing motorcycle
depict or portray in art, words, or model
a boy plays in the fountains.
A black sheep is standing near three white dogs
A child in the snow.
A man is cutting a box
Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.
There is no lady peeling the potato
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.
Two young boys are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
A white animal running through snow covered woods.
The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.
the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with.
A woman is playing the keyboard and a man is dancing
A man and a woman are driving down the road in a car
move back and forth
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore.
elevate or idealize, in allusion to Christ's transfiguration.
The person is not flying through the air on a bicycle
advance or set forward in court
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.
A lady of young age, with light brown hair, is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
The man is speaking on the telephone
There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.
A woman is chopping up garlic
The windows are being cleaned by a man
Two women are dancing
There is no person playing a piano
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is running very fast
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
Two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure.
There is no rope being climbed by a man
reason or establish by deduction
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
A black dog lays in the sand.
There is no girl riding a horse
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
(attempt to) convince to enroll, join or participate
A wet dog is splashing through shallow water.
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
the act of rending, tearing, ripping
Two dogs in snow.
A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.
Okra is being cooked in a pan
Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.
A little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds.
Two people kneel on the snow and raise their arms with mountains behind them.
In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.
oppose with equal weight or force
the act of granting rights.
The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.
get despite difficulties or obstacles.
line, cover
An animal is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
make a clicking or ticking sound.
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the groups Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.
The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation, it said in a statement.
decorative cover for a bed.
A red and white bus drives down an England street.
Two dogs of different breeds are looking angrily at each other across a street
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.
There is no dog walking along a snowdrift
A man is hanging up the phone
The man is being knocked off of a horse
The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servants time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing.
sharpen with a strap.
a small gift or souvenir given to guests at a party
Two large dogs are frolicking in a field
a boat moving in a river.
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing floats for their arms
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.
A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.
The man is not walking along a path through the wilderness
A woman is cleaning a man's face
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.
Group of people sitting at table with drinks.
A person is sitting and wearing a grass hat
The man is cutting a paper plate
the act of ending something.
Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line.
A blue scooter parked on a sidewalk.
One white dog and one black one are cheerfully running side by side on the grass
Approach a limit as the number of terms          increases without limit; specifically a mathematical term.
Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.
A young child is walking with a bike on a rough dirt path
decide upon or fix definitely/specify
A man doing a trick on a skateboard.
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.
A small boy is scolding a dog
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.
all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class.
Two dogs play in the water.
a dog runs through the long grass.
There is no man playing guitar
a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody.
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object.
Two men are getting off of an orange raft on the shore
the activity of examining or assessing something
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.
There is a guy cheerfully playing with a footbag
Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.
A black and white dog is running in the grass.
system of arrangement
A few men are watching cricket
The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
There is no man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.
the path followed by an object moving through space.
droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness.
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.
A black dog walking beside a pool.
A woman is playing with a brown dog in a garden
increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner.
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
A white dog looks at a black puppy in the snow.
(cause to) move back and forth or side to side
an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest.
The man is playing a guitar
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
The dogs are walking in the desert.
the act of pulling an object
Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.
The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
A man is untying a shoe
The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.
A man is silent
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
Four people are difficultly walking with difficulty across thick snow and the sun is setting
relative darkness or lightness of a color.
A person is not performing tricks on a motorcycle
a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance).
A person wearing grey pants is airborne on a snowboard
A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.
declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee.
Many people are skating in an ice park
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water
Amplify an electron current by causing part          of the power on the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
The white dog is running along the beach.
There is no cat playing a keyboard
The women are singing and dancing
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river.
A person is cutting some mushrooms
Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.
In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.
any activity that occupies a person's attention.
Four boys are sitting in a muddy stream.
A man dressed in black is riding a bike
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.
Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant.
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.
The lady isn't breaking raw eggs into a bowl
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a close target
the last section of a communication.
A monkey is kicking a person
Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
put into a certain place or abstract location.
a young girl wearing purple running through water
The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese.
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
A girl wearing pink flip flops and tights is swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.
The band is singing 
A bag of cotton in front of a couch.
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.
reduce to a simpler molecular compound
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.
A man stands in front of a train.
Black cow walking under trees in pasture.
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.
A snowboarder goes down a ramp.
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.
A man on a motorcycle is turning around a corner
Two children are bouncing on colorful balls
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.
be in some specified state or condition.
The boy is cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
A young girl wearing glasses and an orange t-shirt blows a large clear bubble.
A woman is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
A bride with a black veil is looking down
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.
A man in a top hat rides a white horse.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a hot day
A person is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
the act of improving something's quality
measure the time or duration of
The American footballer is not wearing a red and white strip
A man is slicing some bread
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to "overweight" by Lehman.
[They] were defined by dedication and courage, said the CIA's director George Tenet.
make a logical or causal connection.
A black cat and a small white and black cat are looking up at a kitchen countertop
The surfer is riding a small wave
A skier dressed in black is catching a tiny bit of air
SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
the act of flipping an object into the air
the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles.
a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat.
A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.
A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.
A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel.
A young female rider on a brown horse.
A dog with long hair and a red vest is sitting in the grass
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.
A skier is falling face first into the snow.
Gray cat looking out the window.
The woman and the man are travelling by car
The boys are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
There is no man playing a keyboard
the activity of breaking or splintering something
a list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted.
A girl dances on a stage.
a state of exposure to harm
scoop up, as if with a ladle
ATVs are being driven by three people
A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion.
A person is cutting some ginger
One panda is eating a bamboo cane
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping out of a blue kiddies pool
A young boy is riding a bike.
The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
the act of taking possession of or power over something.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".
If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.
A bald person is playing a guitar
The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism, he said.
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.
With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
There is no woman riding a water scooter
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.
An old man with a grey beard is not riding a bike
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.
A woman in costume is playing a bagpipe.
collection of names and addresses to serve as recipients of information content
state or explain the meaning
A baby reaching into a water fountain.
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.
A man and a woman are standing together and holding hands
A boy with a metal colander on his head.
Two people are sitting comfortably on the bench
Some men are resting
feel the need to eat.
a cue given to a performer (usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken).
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
A large tennis ball is being used to teach a dog to run in the grass and catch it with its mouth
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
cause to be interested
request or demand a response from someone; challenge someone
The boy is speedily riding a tricycle
One climber is holding a rock and another man is roping a wall
A man is making music with a flute
A white dog running through the snow
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.
The two black dogs are running through the grass.
The military officer is barking at the recruits
A girl, who is little, with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
The group of people is not sitting in a dim room
Sniff at inquiringly.
The little girl is not swinging and the woman is not standing behind her
A person is riding a jetski in the waves
An Arabic man isn't wearing a white hat
an evaluation, an estimation of worth, a grade
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
A small child is showing boredom on a swing set at the park
A man is playing the piano
leave out, omit, prevent from entering
A man is chopping butter into a container
The man is typing on a machine used for stenography
(Cause to) change from a solid to a liquid.
A man is sitting on a sidewalk
The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
A shirtless person is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
A kid wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
(cause to) be overcome with sudden fears
Dirt bikers are riding on a trail
A skier speeds through the snow.
A black dog flies through the air while holding an object in its mouth.
A dog is jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow.
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.
A tan dog runs in the fall leaves.
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
There is no person throwing a cat at the ceiling
A few people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
The man is sitting next to a birdcage
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.
A dog running through the woods.
A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside
keep from being seen or perceived by others
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.
whip with or as if with a whisk
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
A woman is peeling a potato
Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
Three boys playing soccer in a field
A person is chopping an onion
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary
The man is drawing a gun
coerce by violence or with threats.
A golden dog is running through a field of tall grass
A man is dancing on a roof 
A band is playing onstage
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
Two people are sitting with laden baskets and blankets
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
An animal is barking at a ball
Let's show we won't let them off, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual.
Two men are fighting in a cow pasture
A group of horses grazing in a field.
A person dressed in white on a brown horse.
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
The woman is not slicing an onion
A man and a woman are jumping on the curb
Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday.
There is no dog in a colored coat running across the yard
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.
Nobody is holding a hedgehog
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead.
One cat is playing with a watermelon
The man is rising from a swamp
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.
The adults and children are being grouped near an outdoor seating arrangement
There is no man in a hat playing a harp
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.
Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
Find out or determine, perhaps after a calculation or investigation.
the last or lowest in an ordering or series.
A boy is practicing the keyboard
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding an object
A woman is showing a dog with very short hair at a dog show
A horse is being ridden by a woman
A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.
A person with a back pack, who is topless, is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
the event of something being raised upward.
A women standing next to a brown cow.
room where work is done.
In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
A man is loading a rifle with bullets
The man is not playing a flute
a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true.
A dog is barking noisily
The damages included $24 million in compensatory damages and $52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
One bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
a little girl is laughing at the camera.
Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.
A little brown and white dog is running on the sidewalk
A black and white dog with a large branch is running in the field
become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at night
two girls walking in the street
District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
A child is walking from one picnic table to another.
The chef is carefully drying the oil from the pan
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is resting in the yard
There is no woman putting on lipstick
The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food.
A dog is teasing a monkey at the zoo
shape or influence; give direction to.
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
state of being active, bustling about
Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose.
A woman is singing into a microphone
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
A small tree is being eaten by a baby elephant
Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485.
(Medicine) Apply a plaster cast to.
A man and a woman watch two dogs.
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.
A boy is jumping off the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.
A young boy is diving into a still lake
A long train is on train tracks.
Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
A woman at the dining table with wine, beer, and lemons.
A soccer player is kicking a ball into the goal
the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War).
A man is removing a carrot from a machine
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball outside
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi.
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.
Some men are sawing
A person in a blue jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
A man is playing a guitar on stage
The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
The crowd is watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide.
A man is cutting a thick rope with a sword
A white dog is running across a rocky landscape
react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus
a fast rate or occurrence of something
A black dog is staring at a sheep.
A boy and a dog running on grass
Boy feeding a sheep.
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
A young girl standing in front of a fountain
A cramped black train is on the bag of a girl
plan, organize, and carry out (an event).
Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.
A white and brown dog is running over grass.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
a computer-generated visual image
A young girl is standing on one leg
A woman is cutting fruit
The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.
A person is slicing a piece of bread
A man is sledding on an orange slide.
There is no person wearing jeans sitting on top of a horse saddle
It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is talking on a cell phone
There is no man slicing a tomato
become due for repayment.
The man is playing a flute
A man on a green car is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.
make a plug for; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote.
Two dogs of different breeds are looking at each other across a street
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.
cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
the essence or gist of something
a little girl ends up at the bottom of the slide.
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
Someone is stirring noodles in the water
A dirty soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
The crowd is not watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object.
A gray dog runs along the green grass.
support by placing on or against something solid
A boy wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
the gears by which the motion of a machine can be reversed.
keep something or someone under control; stop something from happening
A woman is not boiling shrimps
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
a pair of people who live together.
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.
an extended area of land.
a boy in a green shirt is jumping with his arms in the air at the end of a bowling alley.
A white dog jumps into a pool.
Someone is playing piano
The people are sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant
A man is playing an acoustic guitar
The panda is eating bamboo
In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
A baby is taking a bath in a bowl full of water.
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
There is no woman beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
(botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
A skateboarder mid air with his skateboard.
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
A dog is jumping over a log with ears flying and tongue out.
have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink.
A man is playing a trumpet
A man is playing the guitar
U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday.
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
A person in a striped fleece clips a carabiner onto a metal line.
A man is playing soccer
A young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet.
the first part or section of something.
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition.
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.
A brown dog runs through the water as a wave comes.
There is no woman slicing tofu
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into pieces that are thin
a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices.
Furnish with an opening to allow air to          circulate or gase to escape.
Two dogs are playing on a beach made of rocks
A man is jumping a wall
A lady is surfing and riding a wave
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
an expanse of land
be offended or bothered by; take offense with, be bothered by.
A brown and white dog is catching a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a very sunny day
The person is standing on white ice
A man dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
Literally and quantifiably raise in social rank or status.
the act of preserving or protecting something
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy beach
According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.
Some kids are playing on a playground
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.
Move oneself very fast.
have unlawful sex with a whore.
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.
(An occurance of) the preservation or management of natural resources.
The dog returns the play toy to its master.
the property of copious abundance.
The child is delightedly playing with toys outdoors
A woman in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.
A girl dances like a man in costume
The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
 have sex with
A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing.
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
Two birds flying towards water feeder.
make a sharp sound.
Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
A dog in a car.
Some runners are competing in a race
The person is going into the water
The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers.
An exciting or stimulating experience.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said.
A woman runs beside a concrete wall.
Two toddlers are eating corndogs in a wagon, which is really small
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded by people
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.
A brown a white dog runs down a yellow and blue ramp.
conform to a metrical pattern.
The drums are being played by a man
A young black child is standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
feel the strong need to eat
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a vehicle
A woman is not cutting tofu
The man is going into the water.
take someone's soul into heaven
give a neat appearance to.
An elderly Asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table.
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
Two people are sitting on a white bench
A man is taking a picture of a drawing
Two boys are playing a video game
(The discovery or exhibition of) factual evidence that establishes the truth of something.
a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated.
the act of moving, turning something
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.
issue an order.
Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.
convert into absorbable substances, (as if) with heat or chemical process
In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.
Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
The child is looking at Santa Claus.
A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.
The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
A small boy wearing a diaper stands near the door and is covered in marker.
The man is feeding the snake with a mouse
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification.
A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.
A cowgirl is riding a horse and corners a barrel
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are lying in the snow
Two men are taking a break from a trip on a snowy road
A dog, which is tan, is running through the snow
A man is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the soft snow
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
Some people are sitting on the ground outside a monument
Three men are practicing karate in a field
A group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on.
to catch in or as if in a trap; immobilize
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
examine minutely.
four people are on a boat on green water.
A boat in the water.
The baby is laughing and crawling
A man swimming beside a girl on a pink body board.
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
The man is not playing a guitar
A woman is not frying meat
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.
International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
a physical entity
A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree.
We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a sunny day
a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music.
A woman looking upward with her hand above her head.
Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.
A dog with really long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
reshow a play or broadcast
A man in a purple hat is climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection.
an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone.
a person who is the aim of an attack (especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence.
the assertion of a proposition offered as true
the end of a word (a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme).
carry a burden, either real or metaphoric.
A man is slicing a potato
A young girl is standing challengingly on one leg
cause to adopt a new or different faith.
A man is tying a thick rope
be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance.
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
an upward slope or incline
A rhino is grazing in a field
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.
a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean
There is no person in bike gear standing steadily in front of the mountains
A person who is practicing snowboarding falls from the air
Five kids are standing close together and one kid has a gun
Bird eating from a bird feeder.
Plane in mid-flight at sunset.
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.
A dog plays in the water.
A man takes a picture of his friend with performers.
alter by chemical means, to make images.
A funny crowd of people is doing a skit of two boxing men
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.
A basketball player holding a basketball.
a winning shot in tennis against opponent's serve
provide a feast or banquet for.
The man is performing a large jump
a written message of nonacceptance
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a ball
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million.
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
an established or recognized right.
A man is dangerously throwing knives at the tree
A young boy is playing in the park with his mother
deal with according to routine or procedure
the opening page of a web site.
A man is singing to a woman
hold back; keep from being perceived by others.
A dog digging in the sand.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.
Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition
a social occasion, often official or formal
The climbing equipment to rescue a man is hanging from a white, vertical rock
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.
An elderly man is sitting on a bench
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91.
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.
Two young children are walking across an open field.
A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.
The (period of) control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
A lone biker is jumping in the air
decorate a manuscript with red
It was a brazen attempt at intimidation, said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the floor
the spatial, geometric contour of an object
A girl riding on a brown and white horse.
adapt to a specified measurement.
A deer jumping over a fence.
Brown dog catches a pink ball in the park.
A brown dog is carrying a colored toy in the grass
aggressive willingness to battle, pugnaciousness
A woman is drying noodles
the consequence or aftermath of something
an address used for postal communication
A man is jumping rope outside
A group of picnickers sit under an umbrella.
A baby girl in a brown snowsuit plays in the snow.
Two large dogs are running together through the grass.
Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle.
(mathematics) The smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
The man is cracking eggs into a bowl
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.
A man is riding a scooter
Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
a person who manipulate or controls a device or machine
The man is pouring oil on a few tomatoes
A man is seeking a sign and is holding some money
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
fruit preserved by cooking with sugar.
Two women are wearing bikinis and are walking on the sand
A woman is coating a pork chop
Two girls are playing inside a jumper house
Two young children are on sand.
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.
A young boy runs towards a blue soccer ball in front of a goal.
Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.
Improve or perfect by polishing, pruning, or making more concise.
Two dogs are playing outside
take liberties or act with too much confidence.
Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
cause to match (ideas or acts); be compatible
A woman is looking at the view of a city
A child walking in the snow.
A person stands in a vast field of glacial ice.
Some men are idling
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.
Person holding stop sign to direct traffic.
A woman is not chopping garlic
A boy is riding a red sledge down a snowy hill.
He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
The man is playing a game on a lawn
A man is sitting on a boat in font of the sunset, near a flag
(abstract) characterize, commemorate, make special (or respectful)
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.
Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.
There is no man doing a card trick
Two people are looking at a gold statue
the act of swallowing.
hit a fly.
move together in a hive or as if in a hive.
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.
render one language in another language
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain.
A group of children in uniforms is standing at a gate and one is kissing the mother
start abruptly.
an exclusive group of people.
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
There are no men sawing
something copied or derived from an original.
A dog is running on the road
The little boy is singing and playing the guitar
A woman is playing a guitar
A man is laying a cover over a wild horse that is falling on the track
free (from restraint), let loose
The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday.
make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring.
be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.
A bird flying over the water.
When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.
a way of conceiving something.
take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong
Someone is banging a camera lens against a nail
There is no man screwing a piece of wood to a wall
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine road covered by snow, that is lit only by headlights
become or make oneself fresh again.
Two people and a dog are in the snow.
The guitar is being played by nobody
a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it.
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.
Young boys wading in blue swim caps.
Shares of M&T, which is based in Buffalo, fell 41 cents, to $91.51.
A man is cutting a rope with a sword
The dog is playing in the water.
A person is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
The animal with big eyes is eating
Two people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you, said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.
a stiffener in a garment
Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
The cat is laying on an animal print blanket.
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a face mask
the act of devoting time and energy to something
Two men are racing in the water.
A child, who is young, dressed for cold weather, is standing outside
A girl is communicating with sign language
The lady is eating slices of meat
the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing).
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.
(Cause to) separate into constituents, weaken, or destroy specifically by soaking.
Spin, wind, braid, or twist together,    perhaps as when performing lacework.
store (liquids or gases) in bottles.
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.
There is no cyclist on a yellow bike airborne
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
cause to be alert or energetic
Two kids and a man are playing games at an arcade
An onion is being sliced by a person
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
A boy running through surf on a beach.
A boat is on the water near a small plane.
A dog is jumping on a trees in the shades
A dog jumps over a barrier in a field.
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.
A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.
preserve, keep in safety, use frugally
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.
A dog is on the beach near a ball.
attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities
Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
Cook on a hot surface using fat; cook in oil.
write all the required information
An unforseen development.
The person is painting
vary or move from a fixed point or course.
a dog pounces on the grass.
a cyclical span of time defined by a calendar system
the activity of removing a resource
There is no little girl playing a grand piano on stage
The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
Eyeshadow is being put on by a woman
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.
obtain or retrieve from a storage device; as of information on a computer.
act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source.
The dog is catching a blue ball
A man is playing with water
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
take a walk for one's health or to aid digestion, as after a meal.
A man is playing baseball.
A green bus drives down a road.
Some people are playing cricket
completely use up a resource
One man is intensely playing a guitar
A boy is playing on a toy phone
The rhino is not grazing on the grass
Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through, she said.
Two small dogs run through the grass.
A dog, which is tan, is running through the brush
A few children are jumping on a trampoline
There is no large dog running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
the United States, especially the North during the Civil War
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues.
a fourth part of a year; three months.
A boy is rollerblading in a skate park.
The girl in the blue coverall is painting
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity.
A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.
Two kids and a woman are playing games at an arcade
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.
For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.
Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean?
(cause to) be overlaid with something
People are singing and a clown is dancing
Two dogs are running quickly through a park.
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.
a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body.
an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion.
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
A boy and a girl are playing on the outdoor gym
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.
A man is singing and playing a guitar
relative darkness of a color
A gray bird is flying over the water.
Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring.
People walking down a sidewalk on a beach.
alternate dramatically between high and low values.
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
A girl bounces in a bounce house.
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat.
reach or cause to reach the highest point, best something
a temporary debarment, revoking of a privilege
move in circles.
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
a notational mark used in writing, diacritic
Two men are fist fighting in a ring
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
Immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid,  for purposes of cooking or processing.
A cat standing on tree branches.
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.
A cat is swinging on a fan
A monkey is practicing martial arts
hunt or shoot snipe.
a channel of social communication
A man on inline skates is skating at a park built for skating
cause to be hanging or suspended.
the act of furnishing an equivalent person or thing in the place of another.
A football player is running into an official carrying a football
A passenger train waiting in a station.
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.
point or direct object, weapon, or blow at something or someone
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
A person is slicing an onion
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
Mr Blair went on: "I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq.
House with a red door.
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.
There is no woman cleaning a shrimp
A man is drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
exclusive control or possession of something.
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
A person is being kicked by a monkey
thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing.
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky.
Supply with a constant flow of some liquid,          for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California, Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is pitifully begging for money
A plane is landing
Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
Behave violently, as if in a state of great    anger; break or tear violently.
take possession of by force, as after an invasion.
Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room.
be incompatible; be or come into conflict.
Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
A lady who looks young is lying on the beach
A man skiing down a snow covered mountain.
open again or anew.
Two dogs are playing in a pool.
Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
A few people are singing
The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain.
A bike is being ridden by a woman wearing paint and costume pieces on a busy street
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.
disregard, fail to attend to
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.
The riders are fencing in a boy's metal bike
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
a general condition of soundness of a system or machine
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Two people sit on the end of a dock.
Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.
obtain data from magnetic tapes.
Two girls are lying on the ground
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a pyramid
A man is powerfully kicking a soccer ball
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.
The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
turn, twist or fasten (as if) with a screw
The brown dog is sniffing the back of a small black dog
The kids are chasing each other in the sand
Some students in uniforms are listening attentively at the front of the class
The men are carefully putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
two big brown dogs running through the snow.
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.
A woman is removing the peel of a potato
There is no boy checking a calendar
The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.
transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates.
A blond boy is sliding down a sand dune on a skateboard
a quantity that is twice as great as another.
A man by a brick wall is wearing a mask around his mouth and a hair net
The man on stage isn't singing into the microphone
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.
A flute is being played by a girl
A woman is slicing potatoes
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.
A man is throwing away a guitar
Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true.
A perceptual distinction based on color or shading.
The black dog runs through the water.
The basketball player holds the ball.
With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
Three men are jumping off a wall
the ability of computers to exchange digital information between them and make use of it
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.
A brown dog is running on grass.
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists.
The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.
Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
a man and woman walking past a record shop
do lacework.
The woman is skating in the park.
There is no person riding a bike along a muddy trail
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
A white and black dog runs on the grass.
However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".
A group of men is fighting
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.
Two dogs in a house playing with toys.
reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.
A woman is exercising
A group of scouts are hiking through the grass
Someone is reading the email
The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.
There is no man slicing a potato
Two dogs run through the brush.
A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.
The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said.
A man is slicing bread
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
physically grapple with an opponent
A group is not riding the current in a raft
A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.
maintain or preserve a particular condition, state, or activity
the act of designating or identifying something.
A machine is sharpening a knife
The release of pressure built up during a stop consonant.
Three boys in karate costumes aren't fighting
A little dog is slowing down and the owner is quitting chasing it
Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.
something serving as a cover or protection.
This a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background.
An Esso gas station with trees in the background.
Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.
take in marriage; perform a marriage ceremony
a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs.
A man is racing
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
the quality of not being useful or convenient.
Someone is cutting a tomato
A deer jumps a fence.
forbid, prohibit
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.
Five children jump on a large trampoline while the snow outside melts.
The woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
be opposite.
heavy radioactive metallic element, atomic number 92
cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed.
A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
A man is making a call on a cell phone
A man on a bike jumping through the air.
Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.
examine minutely; search diligently
cover completely; form a cover over; expand over.
have a wish or desire to know something.
Incline or bend; changle configuration.
Little boy coming at camera down blue slide, smiling woman in background.
A tiger is pacing around a cage
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."
A squirrel is running around in circles
the time yet to come.
A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.
An electronic keyboard is being played by a man
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so, chief executive Marce Fuller said.
A girl with Indian clothing and henna on her hand is going through paperwork
A monkey is pulling a dog's tail
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
A band of leather or rope made to identify animals.
A man is rock climbing on a natural rock.
A person is pouring oil for cooking into a pot
Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane.
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
an indication of something, evidence
A toddler is sitting down
A woman equestrian riding a horse.
Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
The singer is playing the guitar in front of a person
A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."
A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him.
There are no dogs playing in the snow
A small boy is sitting in the forest
an area enclosed by walls or buildings
An imperfection; the quality of being inadequate or falling short.
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is biting a bucket
It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.3.500	Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."
Two men standing on beach.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94.
cause to appear in a new form.
Some racers are running down a track
Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
show devotion to (a deity).
A man and a woman are running together and holding hands
an opinion formed by judging something.
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
a chain of atoms in a molecule forming a closed loop
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.
One person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
At 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday.
do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function.
draw up an outline or sketch for something.
A man is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
A woman on a rock is standing and looking around
discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience
(broadcasting) a local announcement inserted into a network program.
Involve as a necessary accompaniment or result; have as a logical consequence.
A classroom of students watching a presentation.
A couple is running towards the ocean
The dog, which is black and white, is running and a person stands behind it
A person is kicking a soccer ball between their feet
physical force that draws objects together
A man is on a ship in front of the sunset
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
The girl is using a pencil for the eyes on her eyelid
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.
manual turning of a fetus in the uterus (usually to aid delivery).
maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger.
the people who dwell in a camp
There is no child waking up
There is no man playing guitar next to a drummer
man wearing a beret riding a bicycle
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
move an implement through.
Three dogs are resting on a sidewalk
Two poodles are running through the snow.
The little kid is playing football and falling harmlessly into the grass
The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.
It seemed like an isolated incident," said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science.
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
two dogs are running towards each other across the sand.
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.
The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.
A sheep grazing in a field.
Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
shoot down, of birds.
fall between two taxonomic groups
Four blue and yellow planes in flight.
recording tracks of music made on some medium
Guitar is being played by two men
A small white dog running across a lawn.
Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.
A black and white dog is running through grass.
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
Three dogs running through the snow.
There is no man with a hard hat dancing
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
move from one location to another
A white dog runs on the sand.
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
state of being active
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.
A cute panda is lying down
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
make or become thick
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.
Tan cows look closely at the camera.
The man is not chopping a tree trunk with an axe
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
A small white dog is jumping up in the snow
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.
A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle.
change directions as if revolving on a pivot.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something
A boy is speeding down a steep slide
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
The man is fasting
A person in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
A young woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
People are walking outside a building that has many murals on it
One white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
some situation or event that is thought about.
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.
There is no dog chasing a ball
What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.
study intensively, as before an exam.
A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court.
National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
indistinct articulation.
the act of dragging (pulling with force).
There is no parrot speaking
draw advantages from.
A man is slicing potatoes
A brown and white dog exiting a yellow and blue ramp in a grassy area.
A woman is walking with a red bag.
As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department.
Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.
disentangle and raise the fibers of.
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
the year (reckoned from January 1 to December 31) according to Gregorian calendar.
A girl dressed in purple and blue is slowly walking beside her bike at night
A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
No dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
A woman is pouring eggs into a frying pan
wet with a spurt of liquid.
The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.
A deer is jumping over a fence
A woman is placing a bowl with a crack near an egg
A tiger is walking around aimlessly
A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups.
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.
A large boat on the sea.
Two cats are playing with a red ball
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
A dog plays on the beach.
The baby is being put into a trash can by a woman
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
the act of damaging something, causing breakage
A passenger train with a yellow engine.
A banana is being eaten by a man
A group of kids is playing on a structure which is colorful
The girl is carrying a sign and a group of people is following her
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
A boy is holding a hose next to a man and another boy is watching
Two men with cars are on the side of a snowy road
Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
a state of extreme anger.
Three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.
A cold cyclist is celebrating
Wells other series include NBCs ER and Third Watch.
The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.
a boxing or wrestling match.
A dog and a red ball in the air.
the act of attaching or affixing something.
the visual appearance of something or someone.
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board.
Two dogs are running together outside.
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.
The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
coat, cover, or treat the surface of
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.
A hamster is singing
Two white cats are playing with a brown dog and a ball
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake.
The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
A woman with her child.
a happening or incident of human significance
A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.
Two people dressed as animals near a crowd.
The man is riding a mechanical bull
A man in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
a special variety of domesticated animals within a species.
Two dogs running on grass.
A large black and tan dog is running across the snow in a wooded area.
A young man is pushing a motocross bike down a dirt hill
cause something to pass or lead somewhere.
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
Two dogs are looking up at a kitchen countertop
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
Draw advantages from; take advantage.
The little cat is playing with a toy
The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company.
A person is not playing the keyboard
A black dog is running through the snow.
remove the pod, husk or shell
The teens are talking to a boy and a girl with a webcam
A young woman in a helmet attaches a pulley to a cable.
People sitting on acouch.
A woman is cutting butter
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
The social force that binds one to the courses of action demanded by that force.
There is no veteran showing things from a war to some people
An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.
a committee appointed to judge a competition.
connect or fasten into a chain by linking
Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night.
The decision is "clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Tim Muris said.
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.
Pile of wooden debris with chair on top.
function in a particular manner when moving
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
A woman is slicing a clove of garlic
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path.
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket.
Football players are on the field.
An established or recognized right, formal or informal.
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
get involved or mixed-up with.
Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
Two people are arguing near a crowd
The loud man is not allowed to play the guitar
A young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
a cultivated plant that is now growing wild
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf is riding a bike
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
(cause to) spray or wet with a spurt of liquid
A person is tearing sheets
make a mark or lines on a surface.
Three televisions, on on the floor, the other two on a box.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
a body of students who are taught together.
The brown dog is running across the sand.
A man is climbing a rope
A man stands in front of snow covered mountains.
The panda is not eating bamboo
A man asleep on a yellow striped bench with his feet on a baggage cart.
Four children keeping warm under a blanket.
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
set into opposition or rivalry.
The lamb is looking at the camera.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.
A bird with it's wings spread
A man is singing and standing on the sidewalk
A person is lying on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
A passenger jet flies through the air.
A group of people stand and wait to see something.
the act of contacting one thing with another.
A man is removing some food from a box
The blond girl is dancing behind the sound equipment
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.
There is no tan skinned child looking at the camera
Put on cream, as on one's face or body.
(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly
Two boys play with two dogs at the shore.
There is no man cutting a box
The act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
a person who is under the protection or in the custody of another.
Parked white double decker bus.
The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals, the Korean Energy Development Organization said.
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting
Two smiling women holding a baby.
A man is putting garlic on some slices of bread
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
bring two objects, ideas, or people together.
A brown dog and a tan dog are playing in tall grass.
the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors.
A man is breaking wooden boards with his hand
A couple posing for a picture on a couch.
a short account of the news.
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other kids are playing in the background
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
influence or control shrewdly or deviously.
A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight, Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
be or play a part of or in.
Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California.	I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it."
Three children are running up a grassy hillside
Someone is making a hole in a strip of wood with a drill
reduce to small pieces by pounding or abrading
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board
save or relieve from an experience or action.
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is not holding an object
A woman is cutting a potato
engrave by means of dots and flicks.
The man is seasoning the sausages
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.
In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft.
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side on its back
A yellow dog is running down a path covered by sand
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
A black dog with a red collar runs through grass.
A white dog with brown spots is running in a yard, chasing a ball.
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.
The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.
The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.
A black and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
Four dogs splashing in the water
the act of forcibly taking the opposition
behave in a condescending manner
provide or equip with furniture.
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.
In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here.
A man is sharpening a knife
A person on a bike is in the air near a body of water
A crowd of people at an outdoor event
A man in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
The man isn't smearing butter on bread 
The man isn't operating a stenograph
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
The girl is on a swing.
flow, as of liquids
A person is playing a trumpet
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.
A cat song is being played on a piano
A man is arranging the garden
The brown dog is not playing outdoors
A seabird is slowly flying over some rocks
The human act of making something new.
a specified portion of a whole
A train is on the railroad tracks.
A white dog in a jump,holding a plate in his mouth.
A man in a cap is playing a harp
A shirtless man is playing football on a lawn
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.
take out or up with or as if with a scoop.
A tan skinned child is looking at the camera
Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
The headlights on a blue car.
The dog in the red vest is not running in the field
remove from a position or office.
an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease.
go one's own way; move apart.
A little girl is playing the piano
A man is driving a vehicle
Two women sitting in lawn chairs.
There is no woman using a sewing machine
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is not looking
Strike or hit sharply, perhaps as in sport.
abstain from eating.
Two girls taking a picture of themselves
A brown horse stands in tall grass.
Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.
A group of young ladies in bikinis.
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
A young man and a woman are riding bikes on the boardwalk near the ocean
A man walks two dogs in the city.
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.
An old woman is wearing a shirt with a rose pattern upon it and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
Adults and children standing and playing in front of a stair near a wooded area
a person who is appointed to a job or position.
A man is riding a motorbike
A black dog is hanging out in the grass and running with its tongue out
Two dogs are jumping through snowy grass and rocks
the act of escaping physically.
One person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
A white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it.
Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year.
A girl is raising a blue uniform with her arm
stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of.
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.
Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle.
A dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
A shirtless man is jumping over a log
The brown and white dogs run through the field.
Potatoes are being sliced by a woman
feel or have a desire for; want strongly.
The white and brown-spotted dog is walking through shallow water.
A small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to.
a white dog is running through the snow.
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.
an onerous worry or concern
state of being under control
The people are sitting aimlessly on a bench in front of a restaurant
Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
A child soccer player runs for a ball near the goal.
A cow is not eating hay
A dog running across the sand
There is no man cutting a potato
Two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed, fur-covered dome.
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
Two dogs are playing on a rocky beach
The man is cutting cooked octopus
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black car
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
a person who plants bombs.
A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk.
Leave to someone after one's death.
The cat isn't playing with a watermelon
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.
The man is playing with a skull
A man in a purple hat isn't climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
furnish with a guideline
a surface forming part of the outside of an object.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.
A small dog runs through an obstacle course.
a portrayal of someone or something, through words or behavior
Benjamin Rush, physician and American Revolutionary leader.
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the sidewalk
Some fish are swimming
That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.
If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved.
impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result.
Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated, Mackey said in a statement.
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.
A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.
the event that occurred at the beginning of something.
A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.
A cook is coating a pork chop
come back after being refused.
A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf.
A man in a black jacket holds a microphone up to a girl's face.
A man in a plaid shirt uses a tool by a tree.
A Das Air Cargo plane sits on the runway.
The European Union is basically absent, said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.
A person is eating in a restaurant
A practicing jumper is tossing a person's snowboard into the air
A dog leaps out of the water towards shore.
A young girl in swimming suite is jumping on the beach
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ
pass the tongue over.
cause to run in panic.
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.
A man is emptying a container made of plastic
a group of surfers catching a wave
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.
Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.
give away something that is not needed
cause to assume a condition
A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach.
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
A man is sitting on a train and resting his hand against his face
There is no woman putting a child in a waste bin
hunt with hawks.
A soaked dog is playing in the water.
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
injure, scratch the surface
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.
Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
A black dog lies on the grass.
The doctors are healing a man
accuse formally of a crime.
bend into the shape of a crank.
preserve in a can or tin.
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.
A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.
Two children are playing flag football together.
make (more) comprehensible
The person is playing the guitar
There is no woman chopping up an octopus
A woman is chopping garlic
The brown dogs are not playfully fighting on the sandy beach
be against, resist
There is no man riding a motorcycle
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of the water
A man helps a boy ride a bike.
The man with a hard hat is dancing
A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.
twice the quantity or amount of something
A man is spitting
A woman is slicing an eggplant
A dog is riding a skateboard
A dog is walking away from the tail of an animal in the grass
strike sharply, as in some sports.
A man in a white hat is touching a cardboard box
make weak by stunting the growth or development of.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.
a black dog runs through the dry grass.
A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.
A dog in a colored coat is running swiftly across the yard
A man is speaking on a stage
Two children in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
The dog with the brown coat is playing outdoors
the large room of a manor or castle.
A person in a black hat is reaching for a box
No dog is running through the snow
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
allow the passage of air through.
Three white sheep in an enclosure.
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.
Some men are playing rugby
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
There is no man in a pose being watched by another man
to make less distinct or clear.
A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl
A group of children is playing in the house and there is no man standing in the background
return to a former condition.
A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.
Two small birds perched on a metal bar.
A large stream is full of rocks, ducks and flies
A man is hungrily eating a bowl of cereal
the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically.
The woman is not frying a breaded pork chop
A woman is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
Two women are not dancing
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
The principal activity that one does to earn money.
affect with or as if with a cramp.
travel in front of; go in advance of others.
the medical procedure of manually turning the uterus
go around the rim of
The white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
provide, raise, or supply funds to
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake.
A big dog and a small white dog are playing together
A family, which looks happy, is posing by the fireplace
Two little boys are wearing tuxedos
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.
a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument.
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music
stimulating or demanding factors of a situation
A piano is being played by a person
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the beach
save from an experience, action or harm
The boy is sliding down a metal slide.
A boy wearing sunglasses looks straight ahead.
The recruits are barking at the military officer
continue to live through hardship or adversity.
a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore.
A man is shooting at target practice
small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done.
A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire, Fischi said.
The red bus is on the street.
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.
The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
A cat is in a sandy area with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.
the termination or disintegration of a relationship (between persons or nations).
smother, surpress or lessen something
A child is running in and out of the waves of the ocean
walk as if unable to control one's movements.
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat.
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
The young girl in blue is having fun on a slide
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
A brown dog running through grass.
The lady is cracking an egg into a bowl
There is no lady mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
the act of apportioning or distributing something.
Several children are sitting down and have their knees raised
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.
matter that remains after something has been removed.
The black player is making the white player a play near the end of a purple field
They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears, Bush said.
A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail
guide, draw through
run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream.
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.
The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.
A baby and an adult are being followed by a rhino
A person is throwing a cat at the ceiling
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
bind somebody or become bound emotionally
But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
the act of perceiving the odor of something.
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
A person is folding a piece of paper
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy.
The rider is biking in the snow and wearing a red jacket
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.
No people are riding camels at the beach
The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
A group of people are looking and taking photos of something off camera.
A man with an arm cast films something on video while another man is looking at the camera.
A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.
Two boys show off their stained, blue tongues.
value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something.
The presentation is being attended by a classroom of students
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.
A golden retriever is not running
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.
the ability to recall past occurrences.
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.
And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	I was in the water for about eight seconds.
a black and white cow in hay.
A man is jumping into an empty pool
Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
the act of giving someone a job.
A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
Someone is typing
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.
make pure or free from sin or guilt.
An onion is being sliced by a woman
A man is sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
Two people are seated on a camel and another camel is in the foreground
The man in a hat suited for cowboys is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
A group of people is gathering at a stand at the fair
A girl is wearing sunglasses
The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.
a functioning unit of a larger political organization, a cadre
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.
A nude crowd in body paint is walking in front of a lady 
The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
(computer science) the occurence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
A man kite surfing creates a wave.
A little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street
Three men are not staring at the big green hills in the distance
a woman with a big necklace.
A girl in orange lights a candle.
We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place, declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).
a man running track
BOTANY -- the usually underground organ of a plant that lacks buds or leaves or nodes, which absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
the state of believing in, or having confidence in, something or someone
The action of opposing some other social or military force.
A black dog and a tan dog fighting.
A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.
A white and tan dog is running through the tall and green grass
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.
The big brown and black dog is on top of a small white dog.
Some bikers are getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage.
a computer on the floor.
A wet white dog is splashing in the water with a stick in it's mouth.
Five people are standing with three dogs in the park beside the road
The deer is jumping over the fence
rightful portion or stake of something
the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on.
A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
A man in a batman costume is running a race.
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.
printed version of electronic data from a computer
A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
An Asian woman is holding a fur scarf
A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.
A group of six children sit at a wooden table.
organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical).
In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
A woman is cutting an octopus
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.
The persons are singing and dancing
The person is not riding the horse
A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder.
Two children jump on a trampoline.
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.
A piano is being played by a man
recover posession or get back again
A young girl running on the beach.
incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating.
One man is climbing a wall made of rock and another man is holding a rope
A man is swinging on a rope over water.
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
Brown dog chases after yellow ball in park
The snowboarder is leaping over white snow
cause to throb or beat rapidly.
open to members of all races and ethnic groups
an arrangement scheme.
the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc..
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball in the garden
The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share.
a school in a university offering study leading to degrees beyond the bachelor's degree.
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.
A flock of birds flying over a body of water.
A man with jersey 23 is dunking the ball at a basket ball game.
form the boundary of; be contiguous to.
I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
an obligation to pay or do something.
A young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
Raise to a higher energy level (as in physics)
A little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom.
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
emit a brief burst of light.
Entail as a necessary accompaniment or result
Large cruise ship floating on the water.
Black and white dog running through water.
A person is not making a bed
A brown and white dog is running around a pole.
A small white dog is running across a lawn
Two sheep stand in a doorway.
A piece of bread, which is big, is having butter spread upon it by a man OR A piece of bread, which is big, is being spread with butter by a man
A flute is being put away by a girl
A brown and white dog is paddling through deep water in a blue container.
A black helmet is being worn by a man who is pushing a bicycle
A man is jumping onto a low wall
Three boys are carefully walking on rocks along a river
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.
That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
free from a burden, evil, or distress.
People are walking
The woman and the man are travelling by automobile
the relation of comprising something.
Two people are walking near the water
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.
Reproduce or make an exact copy of; make,    do, or perform again.
The man is absently eating a banana by a tree
Eggs are being strongly whisked in a bowl by a person
the act of harming or hurting someone
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
the act of changing one thing or position for another.
the act of throwing a baseball
Black and white dog running outside.
There is no little girl playing the piano
The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.
the activity of managing or exerting control over something.
The man is riding a horse
rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave.
A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.
A male is dancing
The man is putting away the camera and walks away from the beach
The content of a bowl is being mixed by a man
Some young dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.
A large white bird swoops over water.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.
Children smiling and making faces to the camera.
a general trait or characteristic of something
Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade.
cause to move, cause to be moved
There is no man standing near the water and holding fishing poles
The large brown dog is running through shallow water.
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.
I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees, U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said.
A white bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
mark with scars
A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.
become distinct and acquire a different character.
Bring, lead, or force to abandon an evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action.
A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.
The dog is on a leash and is walking out of the water
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
A man takes photos on the water's edge.
A black dog in the snow is leaping off the ground and catching a stick
a boy in a grey hat is carrying a soccer ball by a reddish colored wall.
Two young women with folded arms are looking away from the screen
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife
A woman is washing her feet
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.
The orange rescue boat is not rushing across the water
A family is not purchasing something at a vending machine
The man is throwing knives at a tree
a list of items to be consulted and marked off
There is no blond child holding a yellow bottle
Two dogs play in the snow.
A dog runs across the grassy field.
A brown dog and a black dog are playing with a red Frisbee.
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
A man is removing the peel of an onion
A schoolgirl with a black bag is on a crowded train
There is no dog running with a volleyball
A toddler is making a splash inside a blue paddling pool
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.
fail to do something; leave something undone.
A women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk.
A man wearing a blue shirt crouches on a rocky cliff.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.
There is no woman putting meat in a pan
A woman is opening a soda and drinking it
A tan and white dog looks scared while splashing in the water.
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.
Black and white dog holding a baseball in mouth.
the act of catching an object with the hands.
forcefully request
The lady is carefully slicing up the meat
Fake or falsify; control in a fraudulent manner.
A man is not mowing a lawn
A black and tan dog is running through the low and green grass
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.
A large man is sitting in a military accessories shop
speed up the progress of; facilitate.
A woman is washing a big pepper
The man is hammering a nail with a camera
A yellow dog is running up a sandy path
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.
A brown dog is running through the grass which is tall and green
Rewrite in a different script.
A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard.
Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.
anything illusory, not concrete or real
This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek.
impress or affect deeply.
A person is singing and playing the guitar
There is no clown singing
Motorbikes are being ridden by two people
There is no brown dog jumping in the air
a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids.
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality
Some instruments are being played by a band
MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.
A woman is drying eggs
A man in a black jacket is has a white headphone in his ear.
According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.
The singer is leaving the band
A brown dog is running across the yard with a toy in its mouth
the disadvantage that results from losing something.
A boy in blue is blowing bubbles.
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
A cat looking at the camera.
Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain.
the center of an object.
An old train sits idle on the tracks.
Two dogs run on the grass.
a light line that is used in lettering to help align the letters.
A girl is standing next to the opening of a fountain
Two brown dogs are biting each other.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
The blond girl is dancing in front of the sound equipment
A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand
There is no clown singing and people are not dancing
Sound sharply or shrilly, as if stabbing.
Some people who play soccer are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
Chopped vegetables are being dropped into a pot on the stove by a person
penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument
assembled group of spectators at a performance
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.
The black woman is wearing glasses over the headdress
One white dog is staring at the black street
The woman is seasoning the oil
leave or give by will after one's death.
The black dog is not running through the grass
The dog is playing with a plastic container
A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.
The man in the backpack looks to his left.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
Room with several computer monitors.
The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019.
A child is making a snow ball
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
The woman is holding a white jacket and a red glass in front of the man wearing a t-shirt
A ball is being chased by a dog on the grass
Two cats are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
Two dogs are walking slowly through a park
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
Make sure of.
A big green ball is knocking a potato
lessen in force or effect.
the skateboarder jumps into the air.
Two cars are racing down the track
A boy is happily playing the piano
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A car is riskily jumping over a girl
tell or spread rumors; say
Green and white bird perched on tree branch.
Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
The man is singing and playing the guitar
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing acrobatics on a rail
A large brown dog and small black dog walk on the snow.
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle on ground which is mostly barren
A dog with a blue blanket is running through the grass
A baby is not playing with a doll
Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain.
Three people are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
a brief attempt at some endeavor
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.
determine a standard; estimate a capacity or measurement
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.
A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.
Brown dog jumping over a hurdle.
A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
The woman is riding on the brown horse.
A boy is surfing and riding a wave
An onion is being sliced
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing extravagant apparel
the act of entering a structure
There is no woman slicing a green pepper
A couple walking down the street.
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.
A strong person is leaving the whisk in the bowl near the eggs
Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.
A large white animal is jumping up in the snow
One man is descending a cliff with a rope
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.
the act of creating an artistic work
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.
prefer or wish to do something.
A black and white dog jumping over an obstacle.
The white reindeer wearing dog ears is near a brown reindeer
the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.
A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
Small black dog running in grass
A cat reclines on an office chair.
A person is chopping down a tree with an axe
A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign.
A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.
A boy is playing a game with wooden blocks
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.
a rank or position relative to others
a straight length of road or racetrack
At the accident scene, the driver was "covered in blood" but helped to remove children, Wood said.
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
employ or become employed in a position
become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure.
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.
A kid is playing a guitar
Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.
The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.
A black dog fetches a dead bird.
Create an electrical short in something.
teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment.
A black dog running on a beach.
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
A small cat is lying on a bed
The man is slicing some potatoes
The act of providing approval and support.
He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
Two men are leaving the stage
There is no man mowing grass
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee.
One young boy is climbing a wall made of rock
A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.
The woman is not slicing herbs
As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose.
people go up the escalator.
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.
lower the pitch of (musical notes).
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
There is no woman preparing an egg in a skillet
organize or be responsible for.
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.
The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
the natural progression or development of something
A dog is jumping in the snow.
Dispose of something as useless and old; physically tear apart.
A machine is sharpening a pencil
A woman is tailing a pony near a rock climbing wall
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.
The deer is jumping over the low fence
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
the physical position of something.
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.
A guy is not riding a horse
Three Weeks in October goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.
Two girls are jumping high in the air.
In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.
deprive of courage, hope, or optimism
The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
A black and white dog is carrying a big stick on the green grass
make physical contact with, possibly with the effect of physically manipulating.
Someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
A girl is cutting butter into two pieces
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the hand
The man is not playing the guitar
Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision, Sundwall said.
A man is riding a horse on the beach
A woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
The young kids are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water
There is a skyscraper in the distance with a man walking in front of the camera.
spare in quality or quantity
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, looks surprised
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a target which is close
A man is rinsing a large steak
Two men are looking out and binoculars are being held by one of them
something that is desired intensely.
Two people sitting on a dock.
The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall.
Two men on boat floating on the water.
The act of beginning something new.
A red haired girl is jumping towards a swan.
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program.
A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day.
react verbally.
Make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable.
Two women climb on top of rocks in front of the ocean.
Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.
A dog with a blanket dyed in blue is running through the grass
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.
support; hold up; nurture or provide for
A big brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end, said Hit resident Abu Qasim.
The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said.
Annoy, harass, or mock, perhaps playfully.
The dark skinned male is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
A man is carrying a tree
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass.
A snap is depicting some water falling in droplets on the dog
A black man is walking next to a shop in a big city
A black dog in the snow is jumping onto the ground and missing a stick
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving recklessly on dirt and people watch
fool or hoax.
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
A group of guys play instruments outside.
The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.
drench periodically with liquid while cooking
A person with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
A white bird is landing swiftly in the water
A man is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
two dogs running in the snow
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.
Talk or behave amorously; have sex with.
A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips.
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
the act of creating written works.
A black train moves down the tracks.
A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.
A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a cloth on the street
The man is adding seasoning to the water in a bowl
Two boys are laying in the ocean far to the beach
refrain from harming.
A soccer player is kicking a ball out of the goal
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.
A motorbike rider is running over a man 
The panda bear is resting on the logs
He said: They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier.
The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
Two black dogs playing in the snow.
A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.
Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another.
One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
A woman is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
A person is reading the email
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
A girl in a strange outfit is riding the bike
Two dogs bound across the grass.
Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites).
There is no woman cutting broccoli
A stuntman on a bike is in the air near a body of water
A person is riding a dirt bike up a dirt hill
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning.
Two women in a clothing store.
A black dog leaping over a hurdle.
cast off, get rid of something
There is no young child wearing a white coat and playing a game
There is no man standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
A dirty dogs runs through the woods.
A large white bird flying over water.
One man is chatting with a girl with an internet camera
Two dogs running in the woods.
A woman is looking into the distance and people are walking between buildings behind
On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
The woman is penciling on eyeshadow
The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573.
A woman is adding spices to some meat
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.
The woman is slicing an onion with a knife
A blond dog and a black and white dog run in a dirt field.
People stand outside watching something.
The person is slicing a vegetable
I notice a mood change in their priorities, one politician said.
A person is riding an electric bicycle
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
verify something by comparing to a standard
The white dog is running in the shallow water.
Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.
Five kids are standing close together and none of the kids has a gun
There is no cat playing with a watermelon
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.
Four small children sit on tall stools at a resturaunt bar.
formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure.
People are looking at some costumes gathered in the vicinity of the forest
A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court.
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.
run or move very quickly or hastily.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is stopping
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.
Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit.
a state of being encircled
the act of shoving something away
A smiling baby is sitting in a large plastic tub of water.
an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose.
A man and child in front of a billboard
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
coerce by violence, fill with terror
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
Unrestricted freedom to use something.
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.
A man is exercising
a sharp side of an object
A group of black people in front of a building with a moped.
One woman is playing a flute
heat metal prior to working it
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.
There is no classroom full of students looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
Several cows grazing on the median by the road.
A man in blue walks down a snowy street next to a brick building.
Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".
There is no biker jumping in the air
There is no man on a rock high above some trees standing in a strange position
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A potato is being peeled by a woman
write a computer program.
A smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside a building in the snow
A light brown dog is running in the water.
Sports team poses on field with crowd in the background.
No motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a motorcycle
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.
There is no boy playing a piano
A woman is snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
protect or speak up against criticism or opposition
a group of skiers going up a mountain
Something that provides advice.
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.
There is no man opening a door
a dog runs across the grass.
A kitten is playing with a toy made of blue rope
The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
exhaust by allowing to pull on the line.
Two little boys are playing on a playground.
a man plays his white guitar.
A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby
A rabbit is playing with a stuffed bunny
There is no panda climbing
a spoken or written reply to a question
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault
A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
There is no dog playing in a field of brown grass
Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.
Some meat is being stitched together by a woman
A person is cutting an onion
The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
The study subject is a camera man
A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board.
A woman with pigtails is climbing a rock wall
Two brownish dogs are fighting.
There is no monkey riding a bike
The play is about a happy boy playing the piano
A boy, who is little, is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug.
A brown and white dog is jumping over a red, yellow and white hurdle
A laptop and a PC at a workstation.
McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
Four people row a canoe in water.
forked form or shape
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
A horse is being ridden by a guy
A small child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase
The woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
a brown and white dog swimming in water
the act of directing attention, resources to something
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to.
The company will launch 800 hot spots, or "Wi-Fi Zones," later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.
Man playing game in a store.
The man is not stirring the sauce for the chicken
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.
put into a certain state; cause to be in a certain state.
A girl in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with a skateboard
A double decker bus drives on a city street.
The girl in the blue and white uniform isn't cheering
A black dog walking through water.
Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
Two dogs are running in the field.
A man is pouring a pot of cheese sauce into a shredded plate
A dog is walking along the snowdrift
Tambourines are being played by a group of children
The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.
Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread.
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
Be in command of; exercise authority or  control over.
Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area.
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.
The man in a cowboy hat is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment.
get rid of.
A man is opening a small package that contains headphones
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions.
Two black dogs run through a field.
organize anew, as after a setback.
A man is talking on the phone
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.
An opponent is tackling a soccer player
gnaw into; make resentful or angry.
Understand the meaning of something.
At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken, said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
A brown horse in a green field.
Some old dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
do over, make new
Train pulling into a station.
glare or strike with intensity
Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the man in pants
A man is massaging a woman
The men are talking
Two women shopping at a clothing store.
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.
A young, topless woman is covered in paint
A dog shakes his head.
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.
That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest.
deprive of courage or hope; take away hope from; cause to feel discouraged.
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.
A man is diving off a cliff
a social entreaty, as courtship or pleading
an area that is approximately central within some larger region.
Distribute systematically or strategically; initiate.
One man is doing a bicycle trick in midair
There is no person riding a bike
Men in costumes are walking around in the street
position in football played by a team member
There is no man on a boat in front of the sunset
Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one, Myers said.
A young child blows on an orange wand to make a bubble.
express protest or dissent, raise an objection
Two children in a field of red flowers.
A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera.
Two black dogs playing in the grass.
A black dog catches a tennis ball in his mouth while a white dog watches.
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.
Three people are walking across a rope and steel bridge over a river
Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.
A man is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
People are obviously inconvenienced, said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
A man with no shirt is jumping over a log
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.
Two racing dogs run in the mud.
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.
A laughing man is dyeing a shirt black on the table which you cannot sit at 
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.
I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story, Fiorina said.
Small boat going down a creek.
An office with multiple desks and green walls.
A tan and white dog runs through water.
A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle.
fertilize and cause to grow.
a figurative position in relation to other positions, as in arguments
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
find the solution to or understand the          meaning of
A small black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
(Cause to) to turn to the left side.
A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.
government income due to taxation.
A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.
Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.
A small child is showing excitement on a swing set at the park
A woman is unstitching with a machine
A man is drawing
A man and a child are kayaking through gentle waters
make visible by means of chemical solutions.
an angular or rounded shape made by folding.
the act of decreasing or reducing something.
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.
There is no man praying
cause to vibrate in a different pattern
A dog is near the red ball in the air
The two dogs are running on the grass.
Reverse the winding or twisting of;  separate the tangles of.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
the soft padding under a saddle
Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.
A person in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
A train is running on the tracks.
A man is using a knife to open a box
A skier is falling into the snow.
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.
A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.
A dog is barking at a ball
move back and forth or sideways.
The lady isn't cracking an egg for the mixer
Five people are standing in the grass with three dogs
scoop up by plunging one's hand or a ladle below the surface.
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
A woman who is wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle down a bridge built for pedestrians
The decision came after "listening to our customers and associates," Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.
A passenger jet sits on a runway.
a black and white dog jumps to get the Frisbee.
Three women are sitting in a village
A man juggles at the beach.
Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach.
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
A woman is cutting a carrot
A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda.
A woman is placing two eggs into a pot of water
Some animals are playing wildly in the water
A little girl is hitting a baseball off a tee
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and is looking for a pencil
This child was literally neglected to death, Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.
The person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
A sitting man is busy writing something in an area covered by paint
cover with wooden boards; secure
A dog with a blue muzzle is running around the yard with a jacket
a motorboat with an open deck or a half deck.
A coal train traveling down the tracks.
A man is pointing at a silver sedan
A girl sitting in a living chair.
Lead someone in the wrong direction  (physically); give wrong spatial directions.
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
final stage of an event or activity
There is no dog leaping through snowy grass and rocks
At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant.
We have found the smoking gun, investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.
The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.
scrape or rub to relieve itching
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.
Black dog running very fast.
A woman is boiling eggs
The boy is wading through the blue ocean
free from obligations, service or confinement
A lemur is being stroked by a woman
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.
Change the meaning of (someone's) words with intent to deceive.
I do not wish to be present during this witness, he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.
The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.
A brown & white greyhound dog sniffs the snow.
A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
The woman is taking up and holding a baby kangaroo
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.
make an image or sound clearer; put into focus
A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
A young boy with a visor on plays ball with his bat in the street.
A large duck is flying over a rocky stream
Two people are walking with laden baskets and colorful blankets
A dog is chasing a ball through dirt
A man is posing dressed in a Batman costume.
Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow.
A man is eating some food
Two dogs are playing on a beach
any address at which you dwell more than temporarily.
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
A woman in a green jacket is waiting to cross the street at a light.
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.
soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action, heat, or moisture.
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.
A black bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another.
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
throw with force or recklessness.
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete, Barrett said.
separate (as if) by passing through a sieve
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.
two young girls hug each other in the grass.
A child holds a yellow balloon.
A group of men play a college football game.
give new life or energy to.
Drinking milk helps a cat's hunger
a woman with a viking hat on.
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
decide upon or fix definitely.
the place within which an authority has power
A man is spilling orange juice and standing still
A bike rider on a ramp.
Women pointing at a geyser.
Two women are competing in a tire rolling race
Two dogs running through the grass.
A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it.
A man is doing a trick on a bike
Two daschunds are playing with a red ball
A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean.
In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
The black llama is curiously looking at the white dogs
Scrimshaw, Supervisor, Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field.
the act of protesting, dissenting
The cat perched on the table isn't looking out the window
Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch.
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.
A boy catcher in a helmet, stretching out his gloved hand for a catch.
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.
Five children are standing in a wooden hut
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
A dog is sleeping on the ground
Two dogs run and play with a brown stick.
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.
There is no man screaming
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground.
The act of giving up a claim, office, or possession.
A man on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
A group of adults sit in wood lawn chairs talking, surrounded by wilderness.
The man is slicing bread
Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.
A surfer rides out the green and white waves.
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
A woman is wearing an Egyptian hat on her head
The man is doing a handstand on the wet shore at the edge of the water at the beach
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
A woman is walking in a city street
A sheep beside a road and a lake.
The man is not climbing up a rope
Video games of two playing boys are on a couch
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.
A surfer is riding a wave.
A lady is mixing a mixture of meat in a bowl
Three dogs running through a field.
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is begging for money
A skier in white is catching a tiny bit of air
A man with a hard hat is dancing
We've become like total strangers, Klein quotes him as saying.
A person is dancing in the rain
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.
A collie running through the snow.
become or cause to become soft or liquid.
Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio.
Two toddlers are eating on a really small wagon full of corndogs 
A man is cutting a potato into pieces
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.
alternative names for the body of a human being.
talk in a tearful manner.
The person is not standing on white ice
a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc.
A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife
A black dog running through the snow.
A black man and his dog on the beach.
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
twist suddenly so as to sprain.
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl
A person is slicing a carrot into pieces
A man is looking into the distance and people is walking between buildings behind
A dog is catching a stick in the air and another is watching
There is no small boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.
Two girls next to a mossy tree.
Make pregnant; fertilize and cause to grow.
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
act or move at high speed.
Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.
form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract.
The man is slicing vegetables
have faith or confidence in.
The white dog runs through the ocean.
A bird is fiercely flapping its wings on the water
A person is putting meat into a skillet
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.
make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate.
visual representation sketched by hand
A person without shirt is jumping high over the green grass
A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.
The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.
the power to use something or someone.
a separate and self-contained entity.
The meat is not being dropped into a pan
A dog runs in the woods.
A small animal is singing
A man is mixing a few ingredients in a bowl
destruction of a ship
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.
The person isn't slicing a vegetable
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the sofa
give up right or possession to another
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.
A shoeless woman is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
A dog is running through the ocean.
supply or furnish with something needed or wanted
the act of admitting someone to enter.
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
The piece of paper is not being cut
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
Close up of the rear of a red sports car.
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing black, pink and white uniforms
A person on a bike is jumping through the air and the sun is flaring through the bike frame
There is no man pointing at a car
A shirtless man is leading a carriage that is being pulled by a horse
There is no man holding a mask in his raised hand
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float
a black and white dog is running though water whilst bearing it's teeth.
There is no woman cutting a potato
A man is patting an alligator on the mouth
A woman on a motorcycle is going around a corner
If you pass this bill, Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, "Big Brother will be watching you."
A brown dog is running in the snow
A girl from Asia, in front of a window made of bricks, looks surprised
A group of people is on a beach
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.
It has outraged the membership, said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation.
A woman runs on the beach.
A group of people is sitting relaxed on both sides of a red stone monument
This is a boat on the water with mountains in the background.
build, make by combining materials or parts
Two men are holding fishing poles and fishing tackle
Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
A man in a black shirt swims next to a girl on a pink surf board.
There is no man riding a mechanical bull
A man is riding a motorcycle through the town
Four athletes are with a man in a crowded stadium
Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.
remove from a place or from office
Black and white cows behind a fence.
A computer operating on a desk.
an approximate definition or example.
the act of giving temporary assistance.
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
A dog is riding a skateboard in a park
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.
provoke or stir up.
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
A dog is playing in water.
the act of testing something.
Two brown dogs are fighting over a red ball and are playing in the grass
A group of people is singing
People are sitting at square tables in a red room.
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.
A baby is splashing inside a blue paddling pool
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
A man is speaking on a podium
notable or famous persons (real or fictional)
A person wearing jeans is sitting on top of a horse saddle
do better in a competition; win
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
fill (a ship's bunker) with coal or oil.
make something more diverse and varied.
make clear and (more) comprehensible.
Blue couch in room with sun shining in.
the trait of believing in the honesty and reliability of others.
A person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle.
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.
A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.
The women are not dancing outside
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
A child is sitting in a toy car colored in red and yellow
A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool.
A black and white dog leaps to catch an orange Frisbee.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
make a hole, especially with a pointed power or hand tool.
A dog standing near snow looking at water.
A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.
The dogs are running through the yard.
Two sumo ringers are fighting
A girl in a dress holds a tennis racket.
A young boy is playing a wind instrument
A man is standing on a roof
Two white horses staring over a fence.
As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.
The young girl in blue is enjoying a slide
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority.
Three young women standing in a room together.
A group of people eat at a table outside.
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a young girl sitting on the sidewalk
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".
A white and brown dog rolls on it's back in the sand.
(grammar) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent.
A girl with a black bag is on a crowded train
A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar.
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.
A tan dog standing on the snow looking into the woods.
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.
Avoid or try to avoid fulfilling,          answering, or performing.
cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid.
Two men are standing near the water and are holding tools used for fishing
The person is not writing with a pencil
Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass.
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are standing on a red carpeted floor
the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resources.
A man playing a video game in a store.
Three children playing on the floor.
rerun a performance of a play, for example.
A woman is playing the trumpet
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and riding a unicycle in the street
The American footballer is wearing a red and white strip
Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.
advance or set forth in court.
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.
A man is falling off a mechanical bull
cancel, annul, or reverse an action or its effect.
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
Three young girls are dancing in the room
the popular taste at a given time.
In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.
A child is slowly waking up
two dogs running on the beach
The orange rescue boat is rushing across the water
The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp.
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible".
A woman is buttering a piece of bread
The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties.
James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
The two boys play in the field.
A person is frying food in a pan
A woman is showing a small cat to an infant
The small dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
A person with a green shirt is jumping high over the grass
an informal right to something.
an implement consisting of a length of wood.
a consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances.
Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
give equal rights to; of women and minorities.
A furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
A kid is splashing in the ocean
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
A person walks a dog along the water's edge.
Two men are riding an orange raft on the shore
Old style bicycle parked on floor.
Children play in a pool while adults look on.
A woman is arranging her hair
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.
DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.
A chef is preparing a meal
Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby.
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.
There is no boy standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
A child and parent pet a horse.
a unit of atmospheric pressure
Children play in a pile of snow.
A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.
A woman is dancing in a cage
move very fast.
The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.
the act of branching out or dividing into branches.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.
Act without permission or with too much confidence.
Several people are walking in line across a bridge
A group of people having their picture taken.
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
Two kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
intuitions, a hunch or feeling
Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent.
Two women standing in front of tour bus.
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.
Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
the act of putting something in working order again.
A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.
Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously, he added.
a conveyance that transports people or objects.
A girl is hitting a little tee with a baseball
go up or advance.
the natural process of laying down a deposit of something.
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.
the context or setting in which something takes place
A woman pets a dog in a gated yard.
a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations.
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog.
Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.
the act of making a proposal.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568.
touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc..
organize (the production of something) into an industry.
A dog with its two front paws on a rock in a field.
To move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away (from something).
any area set aside for a particular purpose.
The man is not eating a banana by a tree
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.
An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.
Put a harness on.
A man is holding up an electronic device
A shirtless woman is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
limit the range or extent of.
A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.
the act of climbing something.
A girl playing on a parachute.
A man with the Monster logo shirt is surfing.
There is no man shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
There is no man carrying a woman
Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.
cut the surface of; wear away the surface of.
The person is boiling noodles
The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
There is no cat playing keyboards
A man is performing a trick on a bike
The person is trotting on the horse
A man with Indian clothing and henna on his hand is going through paperwork
Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.
The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
The man is carefully feeding a mouse to the snake
Broccoli are being cut by a woman
the reduction of something's value or worth.
A grey dog walks in the green grass, tongue hanging out.
The parrot is talking into the microphone
Break open or apart suddenly and forcefully; separate or cause to separate; go to pieces.
to become aware of through the senses.
A few ferrets are climbing out of the cage
The woman is not putting pasta into a dish
A dog is running through the white snow
Three dogs are playing in the water.
A woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
Three dogs playing in the green water.
The woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
There is no dog crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
A red bird is perched in a tree.
A man and a woman are walking
duplicate, match
A father is pulling his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is looking away
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.
The figures are becoming catastrophic, said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.
the state of being more than full.
A man is drawing on a board
The woman is picking up a kangaroo that is little
The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.
act of moving or conveying something
There is no dog barking at a ball
A man is untying a rope
the cause or instigation of something
characteristic call of an animal
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.
Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates.
A woman by a brick wall is wearing a mask around her mouth and a hair net
Two cows graze in a field.
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88.
A pizza is being eaten by a man
put an end to, make invalid a process that's already begun
make impure; make radioactive
contain or hold; have within.
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.
A chimp is angrily kicking a target
Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
A city on the River Thames in Bershire, southern England
A man is getting into an automobile
There is no man playing a violin
A sheep standing in a mountainous area.
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.
Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car.
make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid.
A man is not playing with water
The tan dog runs through the leaves.
A bunch of people is on the shore
The appropriate or desirable thing.
a mental grasp or understanding of something
identify or pick out someone or something
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.
Nobody is playing on a trampoline
There is no monkey kicking a person
Three children stand on or near a fence.
rein in to keep from winning a race.
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.
A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.
either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip.
One small child is drinking water from the cup
A surfer is riding the wave
The boy is playing a guitar
A little boy in blue shorts, glasses, and a coat stands in the surf.
take in (mentally or physically)
A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost.
A brown and white dog running into the water
Two white dogs are running and jumping along a beach
TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
A man is eating a banana
a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12.
Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling "a huge victory."
Two boys are talking on the phone
have as a logical consequence.
a discipline, a branch of knowledge
One man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
the way something conforms to a shape
stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block.
The blonde girl with the pink top is smiling and wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.
Some cheese is being put on a pizza by a man
A skateboarder sliding down a stair rail.
A girl poses with her head upside down.
a strong current of air.
A man walking two dogs down a street.
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.
The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago.
provide with a toggle or toggles.
Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.
The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.
A plane flying near the sunset.
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.
the act of rejecting something.
The person is riding a motorbike on a sandy track
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking water
A person is rinsing a steak with water
a person eating a meal, often in a restaurant
occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion.
throw quickly.
A black cat is swinging on a fan
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is sitting outside a building
turn the paddle; in canoeing.
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.
A dog, which is white, is standing on fallen leaves
A boy is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally.
A wooden flute is being played by a man
There is no dog looking around
obtain or provide money for.
A golden dog is running through the snow.
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it.
A motorcyclist on a bike is leaning into a sharp corner
A dog swimming in a pond
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
cause to make a snapping sound.
an established line of travel or access.
subsist on a meager allowance.
People are sitting against a wall
The man is cleaning the drawing on the board
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
A dog is pulling a toddler out of a rain puddle
A white dog bounding through snow
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
Someone is drawing a person
Two dogs are playing with a small red ball
come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware
Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.
the act of cracking something.
A woman is petting a dog near a stone path
A girl in a riding hat on a horse.
A child rides a bike high in the air.
A woman is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
A dog that has a brown and white coat is trotting through shallow water
There is no motorcyclist on a bike leaning into a sharp corner
A woman in a black jersey is standing in a gym
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a rainy day
retreat or move from a position, relocate
A man is being roped before a climb
A man is riding a mechanical bull
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the victim of a fraud.
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire.
penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument.
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
act, form, or progress according to a plan or ideal
The boy and the girl are not playing and wearing arm floats
A man is talking to the woman who is seated beside him and is driving a car
It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation.
a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed.
Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore.
making real or concrete
have a distinctive or characteristic taste.
give a thrashing to; beat hard.
Two white dogs running in the grass together.
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
Motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car.
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a mask
A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
A dog splashes in the murky water.
a disagreement or argument about something important.
The black dog is running through the water.
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
A large jet on the ground at the airport.
A black dog is standing in deep water
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain
A multi-colored train on a track.
bring (several things) into consonance or relate harmoniously.
a messenger deployed on a mission on behalf of someone else
A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.
Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
A ceremony marking admission into a religious community.
We are expending all available resources toward the investigation, said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.
Provide or equip specifically with furniture.
Two people in two chairs are reading
place under suspicion or cast doubt upon.
A person is performing a card trick
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
A little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.
Two pandas are lying together
BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
The cat is eating some corn
She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.
A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.
perform or supervise a ritual
The monkey is practicing martial arts
Two black dogs run into the white waves on a beach.
A man and two women are standing in a bright room by a table with candles
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.
A group of people in a living room.
White bus parked in grass in front of building.
observe, perceive
A bike is being ridden over a monkey
A surfer is leaning on a surfboard
A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree.
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.
Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.
the act of substituting one thing for another
maintain with or as if with a bet.
A cruise ship docked at shore.
A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth.
drag loosely along a surface, trail
run at a moderately swift pace.
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts.
be a sign or indication of.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."
It looks very much like an isolated event, World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.
have certain properties when driven.
Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.
A potato is being peeled by a person
A large man is sitting in a military accessories store
The act of indicating or pointing out by name.
A dog running through mucky ground.
the act of adding one thing to another.
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
the activity of providing supplies
An Asian woman in a crowd is not carrying a black bag
coating used as a repellant to moisture
Two children walking down a path in the woods.
A man is erasing some figures
A man is opening a box with a knife
A small boy playing in the snow.
A dog is running on the beach and chasing a ball
A man is holding an animal, which is small, in one hand
A cat with a white coat, perched on a small wooden cabinet, is looking outside the window
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
The children are playing in front of a large door
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a house made of stone
A truck is quickly going down a hill
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a dirty road
A young girl in a bikini is jumping on the beach
The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
glean or gather natural products
A man is jumping rope in a field
A squirrel stands in the grass looking around.
A black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth.
A biker is riding along the top of a fence
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
A train sitting on the tracks near a field.
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.
A man with his bike amid a demolished building.
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.
A black, brown and white dog running through a field.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack.
The man is cooking slices of potato
The goal is being guarded by a hockey player in a yellow jersey
A large black dog runs along the green grass.
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.
She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
A married couple is walking up the aisle
A black sheep is standing far from three white dogs
A woman is crouching and holding a camera
The girl in the black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
Some kittens are eating
an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association.
change from one form or medium into another.
Three dogs are running in a field.
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.
Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
a vote, a public and legal choosing of officials
There is no man wiping the edge of a bowl
A man is not participating in a bmx race
a quantity of money.
The man helps the boy ride a bike.
There is no woman playing the violin
interfere with someone else's activity
A grey house with a red door.
A man is opening a door
A man and a woman resting after exercise.
(Cause to) sully the good name and reputation of.
Three children playing on a floor with toys.
become broader or wider or more extensive.
A snow slide is full of kids
the act of clipping, cutting
The small dog protects its owner.
License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it.
Two dogs play with one another on the grass.
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
The kids are playing outdoors near a man with a smile
Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
A group of students in uniforms is listening attentively at the front of the class
approach a certain measurement, whether of age, speed, temperature, etc.
make or become less strict or severe
A woman and a dog are peacefully sitting on a tree stump
computer text files
Two men wearing bike helmets.
The dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
A brown and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.
A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage
a particular environment or walk of life.
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light    from a source.
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.
A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring.
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are walking in the snow
A bird flies across the water.
Two young men are juggling multi-colored blocks with people watching.
A young boy wearing a denim jacket sticks his tongue out.
I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'
The child is on a wooden rocking horse.
A guy is cheerfully playing with the footbag
Two men are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
A jet is not flying
a negative aspect of something that is generally positive.
A black and white dog is jumping in the grass.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.
place into the ground for growing
Two men with white gloves box in a dimly lit boxing rink.
The woman is putting away a flute
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
A black poodle frolics in the snow.
People are sitting at square tables in a red room
declare or make unfit or unsuitable
The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.
Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
settle or deal with something
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago.
A tan dog which is dirty is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
request earnestly (something from somebody); ask for aid or protection.
The person is peeling an onion
Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
A black dog on a beach carrying a ball in its mouth.
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid.
create by putting components or members together.
Two women with black hair are standing in front of a plywood wall
The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
Two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building.
The adults and children are being gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.
cause to be/show to be invalid
The boy, who is young, is running through the ocean waves
edge tool used in shaving.
The south African plane is not flying in a blue sky
A group of people are wearing bunny ears.
The woman is playing a flute
Brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running.
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.
A group of people are walking
serve as a means of expressing something.
A man wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing
And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.
A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.
Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm "high risk" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries.
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.
A boy is running away from the fishing line
This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals, Raymond said.
The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion.
A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.
People are walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
A little girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on the head
An animated airplane is landing
a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing
Runners are competing in a race
The man is skiing down a snowy hill.
Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
People are riding and paddling a raft
A boy in blue is running towards a woman in blue
the state of being excluded.
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.
to distribute systematically or strategically.
He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package.
Be shiny; be a physical or metaphorical source of light.
become or cause to become obstructed.
A child, who looks young, is standing in front of some trees
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
A cow is eating hay
fix or set securely or deeply.
Two groups of people are playing football
A boy in a blue dyed shirt has dirt on his face
a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred).
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
Discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate; be bossy towards someone.
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.
(cause to) swing and miss the third pitch, striking out
A person is slicing garlic into pieces with a knife
I'm very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
Two dogs in the snow
Someone is not reading the email
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
People are sitting around a bonfire at night
A child rolls around in a large tire.
A large black bird is sitting in the water.
A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog.
The girl is applying makeup to her face
The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."
to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course.
photo of a television screen showing a movie.
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History.
Two people are driving a motorcycle
A man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cell phone with other people behind him.
A boat is sailing peacefully over the water
A man is dancing on the road
The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
a brown dog plays with the hose.
A woman is cooking prawns
Two horses standing in a pen.
A man is shaking a drink
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
An empty office cubicle.
An onion is being sliced by the woman
The man is cutting the tape on the box
Two dogs are playing in the snow.
There is no panda bear eating some bamboo
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.
make reference to.
equip with a fuse; provide with a fuse.
Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River.
Throw a glance at; take a brief look at or examine hastily.
run around the rim of.
A young girl, in an orange dress, holding a tennis racket.
A woman pointing at a geyser.
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
cause to reproduce (plants or animals)
The potato is being peeled by the lady
(cause to) return after being refused
The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.
A car parked in front of train tracks.
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
A brown dog walks in the grass with it's tongue hanging out.
Two men and a girl in front of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water.
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing, said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
A boy is saying a word
make a map of; show or establish the features of details of.
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.
A bird sits in a tree.
Fish is being fried by a woman
prevent the progress or free movement of.
the bodily process of discharging waste matter.
Two cows crossing a road intersection.
A white cat looking out of a window.
the rate of increase in size per unit time.
an aggressive willingness to compete.
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.
Lose clarity or turn aside, especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument.
two woman sit on a park bench.
A guitar is being played by a woman
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.
Two boys and a man are playing games at an arcade
A kid is playing the piano
The woman is adding sugar to the meat
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.
Young boy wearing a denim shirt sticks out his tongue.
A man is slicing a fish
become or cause to become obstructed
The person is riding the horse
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
Various people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
There is no man playing the piano with his nose
Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
owned territory of a sovereign government
PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
A young man is running away from the fishing line
A person in a red shirt is standing, with arms raised, at the top of a mountain.
The children aren't playing in front of a large door
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of flowers
A woman is dancing on a stage
the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force.
A man is mindlessly slicing the carrot with a machine
talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions.
A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cell phone with other people in the background.
decorate (manuscripts) with letters painted red.
The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
A wooden yacht on the ocean.
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.
There is no man wearing clothes that are covered with paint or is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.
The issue has been resolved, Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.
A flute is being played by a man
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.
It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses, said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.
strike the upper part of a ball giving it forward spin
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field.
A person is holding a frog
The men are not putting suitcases into the trunk of a car 
A woman is slicing a cucumber
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.
Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.
A black and white dog is playing with a frisbee in a brown field
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
The man is putting away the guitar in the guitar case
A man is playing a piano
A man is playing flute
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
Lee Janzen, tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane (67) at 269.
A smiling boy with hat playing in the snow.
A black man is break dancing on the pavement
A person is tearing paper
I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups, Bloomberg said.
A man is jumping on a trampoline
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.
the act of looking or seeing or observing.
protect or strengthen with sandbags; stop up.
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.
The man is skillfully playing the guitar
Two crocodiles are floating in a green colored swimming pool near some playing kids
A boy is spanking a woman with a plastic sword
A kid is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
form an impenetrable cover over.
Two red buses driving in front of a garden.
One man is sitting on the chair
Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: "This is a shocking blow for James's family.
A small boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
a woman in a brown coat places a baby on a skateboard that is on a wooden runway on the beach.
a relatively long narrow piece of something.
The update packages help "automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool," which is unpleasantly vague.
cause animals to move
a cause or source of harm
cause to move faster.
give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.
discipline in personal and social activities.
The men are fist fighting in a ring
A dog is running in a field.
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
The man is kicking a boxing trainer
cancel, reverse, annul
A keyboard is being played by a person
Entreat; ask for some information or action.
A small red car on top of a semi truck.
People on motorbikes in a city street.
Two children are stretching over some metal bars
A lemur is biting a person's finger
A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four beer bottles
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct.
Four people are walking on a bridge over a body of water
Two men are fighting
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
A kid is speeding down a steep slide
A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.
A person is taking a cat down from the ceiling
A girl is by a tree hanging upside-down from a swing.
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
A black bird is taking flight from a dead tree
There is no man eating a pizza
Two cars for racing are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
A boy is playing on a toy
a pointed instrument for writing, stylus
A man is being curiously looked at by a woman
provide or supply with water
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
A bike rider makes a jump on a halfpipe ramp.
move or drive forcefully as if by a punch.
The people are walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall
The woman is poking holes in the potato
A courageous performer is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle over a man in a blue jumpsuit
mechanism that controls the water level in a section of canal
fluctuate, move back and forth
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building.
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a face which looks funny
leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue.
A child in a red outfit is jumping on a trampoline
Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting.
be in or establish communication with
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.
A black dog walking through splashing water in a rocky creek.
A kangaroo is picking up the woman's baby
The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.
Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch.
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
Gather or remove (from a location) for use.
A skateboarder uses a ramp.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
tell or spread rumors.
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.
A man is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
a brown dog standing in the middle of ahuge field.
There is no man playing the guitar loudly
the military action of resisting the enemy's advance.
Two girls are happily playing inside a jumper house
a decorative container, often for holding flowers
move from one place to another.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
produce buds, branches, or germinate.
The horse is being ridden by a man
A tan dog is running through the snow
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.
face and withstand with courage.
So was Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of "Frankie and Johnny."
an aggregation of things or people
A man is skiing down a hill and jumping a red obstacle
An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.
A brown dog shakes off water after exiting a natural pond.
a party of people assembled for dancing.
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.
Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
an accounting period of 12 months
A white dog with beige spots is running through a field
A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.
A quantity of something
Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures.
A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball.
The subject is being studied by a man with a camera
Three dogs run in the snow.
A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.
A potato is being sliced by the man
A girl is standing in a group and is wearing a black shirt and pink beads
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.
a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.
A black climber is rocking a dog
pass time in a particular place or way
There are no boys kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
Rugby players are not tackling each other
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a pond
(Cause to) become different or aquire a          different character, possibly during development.
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.
be a factor or play a role in something
Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
Elegant dining room with wood furniture.
Any activity that acquires a person's attention.
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.
The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.
The woman is picking up the kangaroo
the act of hitting vigorously.
The state of being suspected.
An woman that is old is shaking hands with a man
A smiling woman holding a small baby.
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.
The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters.
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.
recovery or preservation from loss or danger.
Two dogs are playing on a hardscape.
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
There is no light brown dog running up a street
Black domestic cat lying on brown table.
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.
A white horse is being ridden by a man in a blue cowboy hat
be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.
Two dogs run through grass.
(cause to) move around
A man in a small city is doing charity work
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.
A person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
look furtively.
The act of coming to rest after a voyage.
A man is not playing a flute
A man with a jersey is dunking the ball at a basketball game
A dog lays down in the long green grass.
A person is not quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
An egg is being cracked into a bowl by a woman
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
a vote to select the winner of a position or political office.
A young boy is splashing through a puddle of water.
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.
A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators.
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
A few men are dancing
move to a new location, state, or situation
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the stars and is walking on the tennis court
That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
devote or adapt exclusively to an skill, study, or work
Two people are passionately kissing near a crowd
A man is singing and walking down the road
The bride and the groom are leaving after the wedding
Scuba diver submerged in water.
A horse is tossing the cowboy wearing pants of blue and red color
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.
A football player kicks the ball.
A man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach
A small kid is playing with a green toy dog on the grass
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
A person is standing in front of a rock with a rope, which is pink
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.
A black and orange bird is standing on the lawn
a way or means to achieve something.
Vomit, either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion.
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.
A woman is standing at the beach with a dog on a leash
inability of the heart to pump blood to sustain life functions
The man is not riding a mechanical bull
The boats are on the water located in front of the mountain.
A dog is jumping over a red and white bar.
Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
The play for the ladies requires a guitar
A brown dog and a black dog are frolicking in the sand
A child, who has blond hair, is holding a yellow bottle
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
a woman is standing by a pillar where "u2" is written.
Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
administer or bestow, as in small portions.
A girl is skipping rope on a sidewalk
A brown dog and a grey dog are fighting in the snow
A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.
The man is not cutting the tape on the box
equip with armed and armored motor vehicles.
A person is drawing some figures
burst open with a sharp, explosive sound.
Convert the genetic information in a strand          of DNA into a strand of RNA.
Two men are fighting in a cattle pen
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
A young child is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
Two little girls in pink are dancing.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is walking away from a man in a black shirt, who is serious
an actor who plays a principal role.
A black dog is sitting in the grass and keeping its mouth closed
induce into action by using one's charm.
hit or return before it touches the ground
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.
the act of flipping a coin.
The trumpet is being played by a man
A person or thing equal to another in value or significane.
The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.
A kitten is drinking fresh milk
The cyclist isn't performing a trick in the air
A race care driving along a dirt road.
A man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him.
cause someone's attention, goals, thought to turn in another direction
move in a spiral or zigzag course.
cause to skip over a surface.
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the skateboard
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
Someone is not playing piano
Walk heavily and firmly (like a cat) as when weary or over soft terrain.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.
A man is wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and is riding a unicycle down a street
The boy is sitting near the blue ocean
A young oriental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
People are paddling near a raft that is being ridden
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.
Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.
A woman is putting a baby in a waste bin
A man is cutting a lemon
A man is carelessly dropping a frog
a group of people appointed to a committee
take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.
resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
People standing outside at a carnival.
A man is shooting guns
We have found the smoking gun, said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
A dog is running along the grass.
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.
an unforeseen development.
(cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space
A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis.
Silver and blue car marked 104 raises dust on road as two background people watch.
A person skiing down a snowy hill.
Two beige dogs are playing in the snow.
Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.
The bride and the groom are leaving after the marriage
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.
reply verbally or in written form to a question, comment, letter, or speech
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.
A brown and white dog is jumping over a yellow and red pole.
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.
A ball is being caught by a dog in mid air
The man is walking along a path through the wilderness
Come into existence; reveal its presence or make an apprearance.
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.
A young man is pushing a motocross bike up a dirt hill
A large pile of scrap wood.
But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
Three children are running up hill
People are walking through a crowded street
Adults and children standing and playing in front of steps near a wooded area
Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York.
Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.
Two large persons are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
The woman is eating
A black animal is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
The man is driving a car
A woman is looking curiously at a man
A man is crying
the act of removing or getting rid of something.
Put in motion or move to act; make active or more active.
A man picking up a big rock.
The boys are standing and burning a car
Two dogs playing in the snow.
the speech act of objecting.
A white dog with patches of brown and black on his eye is running through green grass.
A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation.
a long thin implement resembling a length of wood.
A man is watering the grass and excitedly playing with a dog
A little girl is walking off the stage
A boat with four sails is sailing on water.
A young kid is jumping into water
change the nature, purpose, or function of something.
I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money, Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.
leave undone or leave out
get or find back; recover
Two football players are scrambling for the ball on the court
A couple is sitting on a patio and looking at the ocean
The turtle is following the fish
A woman is playing with two young boys at a park
Small office space with bright green walls.
A boy in blue is running away from a woman in blue
The man is painting
People walk along on the street.
Two dogs running down a beach.
LAY OFF--put an end to a state or activity
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
A fish is hunting for a turtle in the sea
An old woman is shaking hands with a man
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.
Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.
The large dog wading in the water and shaking.
A dog running through a lot of twigs.
stop functioning or cohering as a unit.
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.
A black dog in the snow is jumping off the ground and catching a stick
A black and white dog is jumping into the water.
A couple is looking at a map
A woman is slicing an octopus
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.
Red double decker bus with hood up.
It's a huge black eye, Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal.
A skateboarder is doing tricks on a half pipe
make certain of the failure or destruction of.
Three men playing baseball.
A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.
A man is eating a carrot sliced by a machine
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.
It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."
A person in a yellow shirt and jeans is running on a track.
A brown dog and a black dog are far from the grass
furnish with rubrics or regulate by rubrics.
We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible, Kennedy said.
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
A young gamer is playing with a child wearing a white coat
A brown dog is running after a dark dog on a rocky shore
A black and white photo of a bicycle.
Someone is playing with a frog
The beautiful reddish dog lopes around the flat snowy street with a snowball in its mouth.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a paved road
(tennis) a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving.
A dog digs a hole in a yard.
fill with high spirits
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody
A tan dog is walking through snow.
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.
A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone.
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.
The woman is chopping some bread and fried pork
Frank Quattrone is innocent, Keker said in a statement.
make more intense, stronger, or more marked.
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.
A man is sharpening a weapon
A grey silky dog is lying in the grass and a brown dog is looking on
A dog is chasing a stick and holding another dog in its mouth
Some water is being casually drunk by a cat
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
arrange or order by classes or categories.
The men in brown shorts are not walking on the rocks beside a river
A man running on a track.
There is no man eating some food
A great singer is dancing on the ceiling
A brown dog is calmly standing in the water
A yellow bird perched on a branch.
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
estimate the value of.
A man is eating a pizza
A deer isn't jumping over the fence
A man practicing boxing
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
A guy on a white horse.
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.
cook slowly and for a long time in liquid.
an approximated amount of something
A young boy is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
A man is singing
It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.
the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose.
remove from memory or existence.
A child is waking up
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.
Two race cars are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
turn from an upright/normal position
A girl wearing a brown cap, red sneakers, and a dark green coat sits on a rock bench.
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.
The woman is not dicing garlic
Cause to be distrusted or rejected; damage the reputation of.
A young girl is talking on a cell phone.
A man is spreading butter on a piece of bread which is big
Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains.
billow up in the form of a cloud.
ascribe or place in association with
imagine; form a mental picture of something
ride a motorcycle.
let or cause to fall in drops.
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.
Three men posing in a tent.
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
Two young women are not sparring in a kickboxing fight
A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle
The process of cultivating the land, possibly as a way of life.
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.
A person is drinking orange juice and walking
Diners sit at tables in a crowded restaurant lit in blue.
The cop is sitting on a police bicycle
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
A man is putting down the guitar
A man is talking
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.
A blond child is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
A man in a red shirt takes a picture of girls wearing dresses and feathers.
Two kids are doing martial arts on a blue mat
A man is playing the flute
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
A man is rising from a swamp
A man is working on the laptop
The monkey is brushing the dog
a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.
Two brown and white dogs running across grass.
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
A fee levied for the use of roads or bridges.
There is no cat hungrily drinking milk
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.
The man is erasing the other man's work from the panel
define; determine essential qualities of
Black and brown table in living room setting.
A man is phoning
Some cheerleaders are dancing
the act of suction
catch fire.
The brown horse is very near a red barrel at the rodeo
Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
A man is strumming a guitar
an intense surprise, often unpleasant
make a film or photograph of something.
take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome.
A brown dog running in field of long green grass.
come as if by falling.
A guitarist has blonde and flyaway hair
A small white dog running
A dog is running alongside a fence on a dirt track
A dog is biting a mop.
Someone is dirtying an animal
an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van.
originate or come into being.
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
Two mountain climbers stand on the ridge of a tall, snowy mountain.
observe or plot the moving path of something.
Two persons of large size are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.
Different teams are playing football on a field
go after with the intent to catch.
A little boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
The group of dim people is sitting in a room
A teenage girl is storing away beads that are red
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
(theology) God's act of bringing the universe into existence.
A man and a woman are walking together through wooded areas
The intense man is a guitar player
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings.
incite some act of insubordination
a group of old men walking down the street
A little girl in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
time to come
A man in a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette.
The man is riding a horse by a stream
A person is strongly whisking eggs in a bowl
The black and white dog is jumping for the ball
The tan horse is in the pasture.
Several swimmers are dashing into the water
make accessible to some action, influence, or condition
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object
A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.
A man in a tux on a white horse.
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.
A man is packing a violin
A man is recklessly riding a horse
A man is sitting on the beach
clean, cleanse, or able to be cleaned
A blond child is holding a yellow bottle
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
A young boy leaps from one couch to another.
A child in a graduation gown throws the cap in the air.
A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
A girl in a band is playing an instrument
A white dog is standing on it's hind legs with a ball in it's mouth.
There is no man pouring cleaner into the sink
There is no group of people standing together and looking at the camera
In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.
A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane.
A dog of large size is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
The group of people is sitting on the ground outside a monument
Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard.
a sudden, brief burst of light
A boy on a hill covered in snow is wearing a red jacket and a black hat and is sliding on his knees
get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
The child is silent
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.
A man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park.
A group of people near a fun house at a carnival.
It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.
There is no dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
say, state, or perform again
China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."
A man is chopping down a tree with an axe
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.
Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent.
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.
A snowboarder flies through the air.
A big dog and a small dog with a white coat are playing together
The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said.
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence.
a sacrament admitting a baptized person to full participation in the church.
avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues).
The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.
The man is catching a fish
A man is doing exercises
be a signal for or a symptom of.
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion
Remove by erasing or crossing out, as if by    drawing a line through.
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
A soccer ball is not rolling into a goal net
the territory occupied by a nation.
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
A man is sitting on the lawn and drinking from a water bottle
A woman in a yellow dyed shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
Provide medical care for.
Two boys are running around a field.
A boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right.
The children are not wearing black tights and are not hopping
A group of children is not playing tambourines
Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93.
Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
a train rides on his tracks.
The cat is hungrily drinking milk
A girl is doing a manicure
The woman is cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
The boy is jumping into a lake.
lack of agreement, not harmonious
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.
a work area for manufacturing or repair work
Tofu isn't being sliced by a woman
There is no little boy with brown hair jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
Person on a Polaris ski mobile in the snow.
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and watching
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
become hard or harder.
Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
Several sheep grazing in the field.
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
Two people sitting on a large motorcycle.
two woman climbing rocks around the ocean
a measurable or quantitative decrease
Two people sailing a small white sail boat.
A middle eastern woman is standing with her back against a lamp post near to other people
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
A little boy is kicking up his feet in the water.
The woman is cutting a carrot
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal.
Remove water from a substance.
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.
A small white dog climbs over a log.
No onion is being cut by a man
People are far from a beach full of sand by the ocean and are suffering from the sunny day
A man is dangerously extracting knives from a tree
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.
The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
The feeling of annoyance at being hindered or thwarted.
Rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy,    often with thunder and lightning; blow hard.
A group of people are outside a decrepit building.
A herd of deer is crossing the street
A man is peeling an onion
Three women in brightly colored dresses.
A man is lazing
beat severely with a whip or rod.
A tan puppy on a carpeted floor.
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.
A man is playing a guitar
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is diving into the water
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.
a duplicate of something, serving as a backup
A dad is launching his daughter into a swimming pool
the act of disturbing the mind or body.
want, desire or perfer to do something
A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown.
A dog is not running towards a ball
Two females jump off of swings.
A deer is jumping over a cyclone fence
Someone is beating an egg
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.
A close-up of a brown horse.
a friend who is frequently in the company of another.
A young boy is singing and playing a guitar
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.
A man is dropping a tree
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
The boy in the green and yellow shirt has a glove on and is going towards the ball.
A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball.
The woman is putting makeup on the man
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
A bunch of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
sniff or smell inquiringly.
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
Two dogs are playing on a sandy beach
measure the depth of a body of water
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.
a sudden outburst.
Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.
A bride in a white dress is running
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
lift and reset in another soil or situation.
indicate, be signs or symptoms of
A man is driving a motorbike
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.
the state of being controlled or governed.
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
Swimmers are racing in a lake
Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.
An eggplant is being sliced by a woman
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.
put an end to a state or an activity.
The dog is running through a field.
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.
A boy wearing a blue jacket swings a bat at a white ball.
give to, and receive from, one another.
Two people playing on a snowy hill.
A dog running in the surf.
Join or attach (as if) with glue, possibly to cover the surface of an object.
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.
basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking up
A boy is mowing the lawn
A man is playing a flute
A costumed performer is singing and people are dancing
A woman is grating carrots
In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century.
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.
Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
Nobody is pouring ingredients into a pot
A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.
Two boys are playing flag football.
The act of testing something.
The boy is playing in the mud
A girl is standing alone and wears a black shirt and pink beads
Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.
The band isn't singing
A man has a chainsaw and is carving a block of ice.
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
A woman is clumsily putting meat in a pan
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".
A boy is playing a game with blocks made of wood
Some horses are racing furiously over the green grass and jumping an obstacle
Two cats are fighting each other
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
A woman is being smeared with brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
put a new heel on.
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light from a source.
Two boys splashing in the surf.
A man is performing a jump on a bicycle
There is no young lady with light brown hair wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and smiling
A tennis player with a green headband is missing the ball
move forward by leaps and bounds.
There is no team playing soccer
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.
A man is shooting with a weapon
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
shine brightly, like a star or a light.
The women are not singing and dancing
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass.
There is no dog which is furry and black in a back yard carrying a basket in its mouth.
The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading.
Brown and white dog playing in the grass.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.
A surfer is riding a large wave.
cause to be immersed in
Oil is being poured into the pan by the woman
A man is not playing a guitar
A plane being readied for take-off.
the act of leading or guiding others
The skillet is being oiled by a woman who is pouring some water
A wind instrument is being played by a girl
Look through a book or some other written material (for information).
There is no hiker dancing on top of the mountain
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
A group of children in a church basement is playing maracas and tambourines
Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
Two dogs are running quickly through the park
A woman is wakeboarding on a lake
Two balls are bouncing against some colorful kids
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.
bring in to consonance
A dog running with a tennis ball in his mouth
A woman is firing a weapon
A girl is riding a horse
A group of people are not dancing at a concert
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and    forcefully through the news
know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.
A girl with extended arms goes down a slide.
the justification for some act or belief.
Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture.
Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.
Some food is being prepared by a chef
A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water
A yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt.
The women are dancing outside
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.
A capsicum is being cut into pieces by a person
Anyone who judges or finds fault with something.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
hold or place in equilibrium
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.
A dog with a tan coat is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
a black dog runs across the snow.
the act of swallowing liquid
A man on a horse is riding on a track and waving
Dog running on shore beside two geese in water
The group of people is sitting on a rocky ledge and a scenic view is behind them
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.
A pencil is being sharpened
Person on skis upside down caught between two trees
Two young women are sparring in a kickboxing fight
A woman is dipping a shrimp in batter
NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.
The boy is not playing the piano
revolve
Trains inside an indoor station.
Some boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
Some children are playing on a statue
Travel (as if) through water.
A man is climbing a rock wall.
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are investigating
make a written note of.
Two women walking down the street
The kangaroo is picking up the woman
OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
A man is not playing the guitar
A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.
find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of.
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.
a white dog jumping in the air to catch a red Frisbee.
keep away, prevent from happening, or not do something
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.
Men are sawing
a type of military aircraft
A brown dog lies on its back in the grass, holding a ball in its mouth.
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the rollerblades
The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
A man is riding a dirty horse on a blue road
The girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
A happy family is posing by the fireplace
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
A lady is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
A man is putting some food in a box
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is pulling up
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
There is no man playing a piano
the date on which an obligation must be repaid.
The birds are swimming in the water.
Parrot pushing a small shopping cart.
keep something intact, maintain unchanged condition
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.
become unfit for consumption or use.
The tan dog is watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
A black dog with a red collar is putting its face in the water
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.
A girl is wearing white clothes and is dancing
A black and white dog runs through grass.
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.
Somebody is boiling okra in a pot
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene.
There is no woman penciling on eyeshadow
There is no man reading an email
The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, also known as LINEAR.
There is no large brown dog and small grey dog standing on a rocky surface
A person is riding an old motorcycle
A young man is wearing a black jacket and has white earphones in his ears.
Two children are crouching under some metal bars
A group of people hike through a snowy wooded area.
the quality of being important and worthy of note.
A boy is standing in a room by a lamp light
A man is playing an electronic keyboard
A few men in a competition are running outside
A woman is talking on a telephonic device
Some cheerleaders are taking a break
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.
The blue train is at the station.
A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.
(cause to) break up or cease to function
A train on the train tracks.
a name given to a product or service.
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
A man in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
A black and grey dog runs in a field with it's tongue hanging out.
A white cat standing on a carpet.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.
A woman is being kissed by a man
seize and take captive; take or gain possession of something
A racer is leaning on a racing motorcycle
A child, who is young, is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
A group of dogs run through the snowy field.
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
A train parked at a train station.
Two children splashing in the water.
A person is slicing some onions
There is no person cutting an onion
The brown dog is jumping in the air
This is extraordinarily fast, said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
A dog comes out of a blue baby pool with a ball in his mouth.
Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday's big rally.
A boy in a red shirt is in front of a long blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
Two dogs in a yard.
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.
A brown puppy is gnawing a wooden post that is stuck into the ground
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.
Two men talking in front of a plane.
There is no man singing and playing the guitar
The plane is landing
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer.
A woman is cracking eggs
The dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.
a dog trots through the grass.
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
A dog bounds across the brown grass.
A woman is chopping an onion
Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
go to see for professional or business reasons.
A woman is speaking on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
An officer is talking to the soldiers
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
censure severely or angrily.
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
A man is dancing on the ceiling
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
A tattooed man is on a sofa and is holding a pencil
A man is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
the act of taking of a person by force.
The white airplane is flying in the sky.
The badger is burrowing a hole
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.
The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.
approach with an offer of sexual favors.
Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.
A group of women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
The man is standing in a body of water near a waterfall
the money
Three dogs swim in the water.
fail to attend to.
the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated.
The young boy is climbing the wall made of rock
The two dogs are running through the grass.
Somebody is pouring tomato oil on the man
A young girl is standing on both legs
City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees, says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg.
A woman is parking a Seadoo
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).
The pursuit and killing or capture of animals.
Red and white plane flying through the air.
indicate a decision in regard to.
A man who is playing dunks the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
The bike rider is looking at an accident of another bike rider
a sweeping cut with a sharp instrument
souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party.
A man in mid air on a skateboard.
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage
the quality of being dependable
Mimes are performing on a small stage
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
a boy falls off his red bike.
A large, gray ball is hitting a running dog, which is carrying some grass in its mouth
Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
The person is quickly slicing a vegetable
Two blonde young women hang out in the grass with a brown dog.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
make a loud noise, as of animal.
A dog catching a ball.
Someone is peeling a banana
being in a protected state or condition
People in costumes are walking around in the street
a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping.
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
A biker is riding away from a fence
The woman is not cooking something
A bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
A woman is eating zucchini and vegetables and scrubbing with a brush
Many people run in a race on a street.
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
Two white dogs are running together
A child is swimming on the water's surface in a pool
the act of troubling or annoying someone.
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
the general condition of body and mind.
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.
A boy is running through the sea at the beach
The onion is being cut by the man
Three dogs running through water.
The man is setting up the camera and taking sunset pictures at the beach
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.
A woman is cutting potatoes
A black dog runs very fast in a field in a park.
The white train is sitting on the tracks.
A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand
No young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
A small white car parked at the gas station.
Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
take a digestion-aiding walk after a meal
Change the key, pitch, tone, or volume of,    likely for aesthetic reasons.
Two people are walking with laden baskets and blankets
A child is playing slip and slide in the grass
A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.
A girl blows on a dandelion.
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.
RUN AGROUND--(cause to) come to the ground
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a blue ball
Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
There is no man sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
A black bike rider in a red bike uniform is standing in the dirt
Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
process or manner of functioning or operating.
A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a road
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside.
A man in red is climbing a waterfall with a red rope.
The men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
The cat is looking out the window at the table on the perch
a man wearing an orange U. Miami tee shirt playing tennis
The dog is being walked by the woman
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green vehicle
Train gliding on tracks.
The dog is in the air above the grass.
write all the required information onto a form.
There is no girl in blue jumping in the air
There is no man tying a shoe
Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history.
A dog is standing on the side of a mountain
a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink.
Someone is pouring ingredients into a pot
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.
any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine.
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
The man is lifting barbells
A woman is storing broccoli
beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight.
A brown dog is sitting down
the concluding section of a communication
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.
A group of young women stand together.
A woman is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
A man is not dancing
an open motorboat used for transport
have the financial means to do something or buy something.
Three happy boys wearing blue bathing suits hold hands as they jump into an outdoors swimming pool.
part; cease or break association with.
A blond kid in green is sitting on a swing
A large brown cat is jumping over a red hurdle
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are not watching
Three men are looking into the distance
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.
two dogs running in grass
Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
the apparent condition or state of something
There is no woman frying something
an energetic attempt to achieve something.
The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass.
the act of choosing, picking one among many
the act of choosing or selecting
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
The men are not talking
The car is being driven by a man
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
The man is standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are in the background
The bearded man is not sitting on a train
A woman wearing casual clothing is keeping her mouth closed and is near other people dressed differently
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
Admit to testing/proof
strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat.
A black dog is walking through some tall grass
The large dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
There is no man doing back flips on a trampoline
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
The little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place.
Two construction workers are sitting up on the side of a building
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.
a group of young men sing out together.
A woman is marching with a pair of dogs
A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand.
Stefani's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.
An onion is being cut by a man
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.
take up someone's soul into heaven.
A woman reads while on public transportation.
A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers.
Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.
A dog shakes off after getting out of the water.
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.
A boy wearing a red sweater runs along a colorful beach.
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.
A swan is flying through a body of water.
Performance, routine
a boat floats in the water.
location sheltered from the wind
a citizen of ancient Troy
One man is dancing
A person is dancing on the ceiling
The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.
The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.
A boat's sail is being reflected by the peaceful water
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
The dog is jumping in the air.
a member of a police force.
The man in not playing the flute
A brown and white dog runs with a tennis ball in its mouth.
The man is racing for the lead 
A man, a woman and two girls are walking on the beach
There is no guy leaping into the air in a wooded area
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.
A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard.
A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet.
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
a person who plants or detonates explosives
Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.
Two dogs are bearing their teeth at each other.
Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.
For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the countrys only park dedicated to ancient ruins.
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?
The black dog is running on the grass.
Someone is not stirring chili in a kettle
The man is singing heartily and playing the guitar
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.
a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard.
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.
A bike is being held over his head by a bicyclist in a group of people
The young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is watching her
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.
A plane is taking off
The lady isn't slicing up the meat
Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
Older man wearing beret with mountains in background.
A topless woman is being smeared with brown substance and a nobody is in the background
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
give someone credit for something.
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.
make or become harder
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.
The woman in a red costume is not leaning against a brick wall and is not playing an instrument
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.
A man who is resting his head on his hand.
Two dogs and two people are sitting in the woods
Physically raise from a lower position.
A woman is slicing tofu
A man in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
the price of a good or service
Three men are dancing
A kid is playing with a toy dog
A little boy is crawling in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
narrate or give a detailed account of.
There is no small dog chasing a large brown cow
The young boys are playing outdoors and the man is smiling nearby
A policeman is sitting on a motorcycle
A man and a woman are sitting on a dock together.
A dog jumps down a flight of stairs.
A Golden Retreiver jumps over an obstacle.
a state of an authority managing or dominating a circumstance
A kid in orange is playing outside with a snowball
strike the air in flight.
Give a performative affectation to (something).
A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
come up, as of a liquid.
The man and woman are not walking
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
go on a campaign; go off to war.
Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million.
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.
A black dog retrieves a bird.
a vehicle race on public roads
a side or surface of something
learn, assimilate a body of knowledge
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
place limits on (extent or access).
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.
Hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove.
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
Some furious racers on the green grass are yelling at the horses jumping an obstacle
A woman is cutting tofu
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
A man with no shirt is holding a football
play a stringed instrument with a bow
The puppy is playing with a plastic container
A family is purchasing something at the vending machine
Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
There is no kitten drinking milk
change the key of, in music.
Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden.
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
make synchronous and adjust in time or manner.
Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.
Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
Two children are playing soccer in the park
A light brown dog is running in the water
stick out, jut out, protrude
A woman is riding a water scooter
make more common, uniform or general
provide veterinary care for.
A man is fishing in the river
wear away or erode.
communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs.
A young boy plays in the water fountain.
The Jockeys are racing horses on the field, which is completely green
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.
A contract granting use or occupation of property under certain terms or conditions.
A man sitting cross legged on the grass, with a tree in the background.
role or function of the head of a government department
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."
The woman is dicing onions
Some green boots in a puddle full of mud are targeted by a playful young child wearing a scarf
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
The man is removing knives from a tree
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
A man in a hat is walking through a store
A man is mixing the content of a bowl
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
A deer is jumping over a wall
A woman is showing a dog with very long hair at a dog show
(Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
An area that is central within some larger region.
Two men in a running contest.
A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
A large wet yellow cat is retrieving a toy
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.
dispose of (something useless or old).
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher  a three-term congressman from Lexington  had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.
The man is intensely playing the guitar
A dog is playing with a toy
the role of the head of a government department.
A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.
A group of sheep are on a hill.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.
There is no cat sliding upside down under a couch
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.
A few men are cheerfully playing cricket
a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild.
A boy is effortlessly climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
There are no kids jumping on a trampoline
A man in a car is pulling up beside a woman that is who along a road
the event of proposing or volunteering something
A man is riding a horse in a sandy land
A woman, who is shoeless, is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
The animal with big eyes is voraciously eating
The Jockeys are slowing down their horses on the field, which is completely green
the finger next to the thumb.
Man standing in front of silver train.
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.
Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket.
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
A woman is mixing eggs
A man is strolling in the rain
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.
a large or extra supply of something.
One dog makes a playful bite on another dog.
Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
The man is lowering barbells
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.
Weights are being lifted by the man
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
The group of people is not sitting on the ground outside a monument
A small bird on a tiny branch.
The young man is not rock climbing
The man is standing next to a bird cage
A black dog running along the sandy shoreline of a body of water while two ducks swim nearby.
make high-pitched sounds.
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.
an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something.
Three ice skaters round a corner.
Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field.
Eggs are being boiled by a woman
There is no girl in pink twirling a ribbon
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
A woman is cutting meat
A surfer is riding a big wave
The person is carefully slicing a potato
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
A black dog and a yellow dog are playing with each other
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
A white dog running in the snow.
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.
An elder man is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.
A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water.
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
A snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow
There is no man patting an alligator on the mouth
A person is slicing some ginger
An oriental man and two women are facing a camera
A dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.
A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
Nobody is playing the guitar
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
The lady is dancing
Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
A hiker discovers a feature in an otherwise barren landscape.
The small child is wading through the water and is being guided by another person
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.
a dog runs across the path.
four people sitting at a table.
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesdays referendum were counted.
Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
A man is cooking a snake
a dog jumps through a black hulahoop.
They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
A shirtless man is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
A lemur is eating
There is no motorcyclist riding a motorbike along a roadway
A cat is thrown at the ceiling by a person
Brown dog running on grass.
make liberal or more liberal, of laws and rules.
Red and white bus driving down road.
A young blonde boy holding a toy airplane.
Two men on the side of a barge
A person is driving the white car
edit so as to block the truth; prevent distribution
Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, "Our journey into space will go on."
Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant.
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.
Try to cure by special care    or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
A dog, which is brown, and a black one are running in the grass
A cluster of four brown dogs are playing in a field of brown grass
reveal its presence or make an appearance.
The crouching man is holding a large camera.
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.
Two men are talking
Two Eagles perched on a branch.
work material with a tool
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2
Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.
There is no man squatting in brush and taking a photograph
give structure to
A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.
A white woman is standing on a woman dressed in blue on a stage
Two boys play swords in the grass with rods.
He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
make a certain size or sort according to size
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.
A man is cutting a bun
recover, return to former state
money deposited in a bank or some similar institution.
A young girl is dancing
The man is sitting outside under a purple umbrella
The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.
A dog jumps on a lawn.
A young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass.
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.
A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding.
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.
a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets.
A little boy is topless and is serious
The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," Jimnez said.
A person standing on a ridge in the desert.
a loud utterance of emotion (especially when inarticulate).
Two dogs in a stream.
A Phillips flat screen TV with two remote controls.
an act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
The bride and the groom are arriving after the wedding
A woman is showing a puppy to an infant
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations.
how something is done or how it happens.
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.
A fish is being sliced by a man
The black dog is not walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
Three women are dancing
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
Three men are sitting together near woven walls
A golden dog is sitting in a field of tall grass
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling
The man is not slicing a potato
A brown dog and a black dog are in the grass
Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).
A black dog and a brown and white dog running and playing.
A dog that has a brown and white coat is sitting in shallow water
A man is coming down a rope
A lady in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
the fashionable elite of a given community
A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
the set of elements common to two or more sets.
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
Two boxers are in the ring.
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
The young girl in blue is jumping in the air
the longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code.
the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture.
A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.
A small white cat sitting in a sink.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
Form an aesthetic or conceptual whole.
The cop is sitting on a police bike
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.
allow the passage of air
The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
There is no person boiling noodles
laying claim, the act of taking possession of, or power over, something.
An animal is rolling from side to side in a garden
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.
be fully aware or cognizant of.
The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.
Three goats are being rounded up by a dog.
Two boys playing a game of flag football.
Two people in snowsuits are lying in the snow and making snow angels
cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort.
A man is jumping onto a wall which is low
A man is standing on a sidewalk
Kids play in the water
The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
the act of sharing in the activities of a group.
become pregnant; undergo conception.
A dog laying in a pet jacket.
the act of becoming more distant.
A cigarette is being smoked by the man in the straw hat
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.
A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces
The man is playing the piano with his nose
make certain the failure or destruction of; destine
A boy under an umbrella is being let go by his father who is wearing a blue coat
Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor "large scale bribery" would solve the issue.
A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.
A brown and white cat is jumping on the sidewalk
A football is being held by a man with no shirt
A young girl riding a brown horse.
A group of people is near the sea
A girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
Three men are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
take measures in preparation for.
A small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
Bird sitting on a log in a lake.
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.
A person skis down a snowy hill.
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.
A man is inside the house and is throwing blades at a close target
A white dog runs on a beach.
Woolly sheep at auction house.
The woman is not walking the dog
A young girl in a pink jacket walking down a gravel path in a wooded area.
A woman in a shirt dyed in black is sitting next to a fluorescent green bag
A man is shooting with a gun
The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: "What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution," she said.
A person is coming out of the water
regard with consideration or respect
There is no woman riding a horse
A crane, which is large and white, is flying near the water
catch in or as if in a trap.
A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
A brown and white dog is biting a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
A large bird is flying through the air.
Two dogs are fighting on brick pavement.
A policeman is sitting tiredly on a motorcycle
The man is up in the air.
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.
the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted.
A person wearing pink pants and a white parka at a snow park.
A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.
A group of boys is playing soccer on the beach
He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
A man is surfing a large wave in the ocean.
mean or intend to express or convey.
A woman is diving into a pool
A brown and white dog is running through the snow.
understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something.
A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
The camera man is nailing a hammer to the wall
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
make new.
A woman is putting away the garlic
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?
make the surface of level or smooth.
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
A woman is slicing carrots
Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed.
On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
the activity of putting something in written form.
In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
The man is standing outdoor and the boy is falling over the bottom of the stairs
Cereal is being eaten by the man
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice.
A dog is far from the red ball in the air
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
A boy is playing an instrument
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.
Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said.
A healthy looking dog is lying on the ground
a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant).
The woman is not putting makeup on the man
Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.
The flute is being played by the woman
a meeting devoted to a particular activity.
There is no man sharpening a knife
The black and white dog is swimming in the river.
A dog which is furry and black is in a back yard and is carrying a basket in its mouth
Two soccer teams are playing, one is in white the other in red.
an air force unit smaller than a squadron.
the act of forecasting or predicting something
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
A small brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
Three people racing on ice skates.
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a marching band
to ignite or catch on fire
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.
Two white dogs are swimming in the water.
A dog running along the beach.
Two eagles are perched on a branch.
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow.
give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another.
A bearded man is sitting by a shopping cart and is dropping a cardboard sign
Four people are standing in thick snow and the sun is rising
Nobody is slicing a tomato
gain points in a game.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.
A man is putting vegetables into a pot
cite as an authority; resort to.
The dog is running on grass.
make images or sounds less sharp
A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of a literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.
an official campaign against a perceived societal harm
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.
Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and saying, "Our journey into space will go on."
A little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
The blonde girl with the pink top is not smiling and not wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.
A white dog with brown spots is chewing on a ropey black toy.
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.
Someone is scratching the back of an animal
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping on the ground
Two women dressed in white and black are sitting on a bench
the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing.
strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin.
the ability to recall things
A dog is fetching a piece of wood out of very clear water
A black poodle is running in the snow.
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, they said.
form schemes in an underhand manner
Two dogs are resting on the beach
Formally reject or disavow a formerly held    belief; retract a statement.
marriage offer
A person on a snowmobile.
A child in orange is playing outdoors with a snowball
A man and a woman pose in the snow with four children.
Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
the ground level of a multi-storied building
Two dogs running in the dirt.
MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year.
A grey dog with short hair running toward the camera.
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.
A man is punching a soccer ball
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
A horse is not racing
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
A man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
A black table with white fuzzy chair.
A man is performing a trick on a green bicycle
The animal is grazing on the grass
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.
the trait of wasting resources.
two spotted dogs are running through a field
A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees.
The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease, Manson said.
The man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe
The young girl in blue is having fun on a swing
People are sitting at tables in a red room
A boy is running on the beach
any likeness of a person, in any medium.
A green bike parked outside a book store.
check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard.
The man in a grey t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
Two dogs are fighting for a frisbee in a lake
A large brown dog is walking along side a river.
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a white t-shirt
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a masonry pyramid
A long-haired man with a hat standing between two large, half-empty Coke bottles.
fail or suffer failure
Two people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking near a building
move or sway in a sinuous fashion
A brown dog is running in a field.
elevated wooden porch of a house
A man is firing a shotgun
The black and white dog is running in a field
A young girl is standing still
The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.
amplify (an electron current) by causing part of the power in the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.
Two cubs are playing
The man is eating cereal
A small girl is getting out of a toy car
A tan dog runs through the snow.
A man is harping on about a play
The little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
A man is praying
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and holding a pencil
Relieve someone from work by taking a turn; take turns working.
Some kittens are hungry
cook on a hot surface using fat.
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.
The black and white dog jumps with a tennis ball in its mouth.
People are grouping at a stand at the fair
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."
a man and a woman posing for a picture
A young boy is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
a context or situation that hinders or impedes
The child is looking at his reflection in glass.
Two people diving into a body of water.
a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services.
the system by which one currency is exchanged for another; enables international transactions to take place.
A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.
A young couple is sleeping in bed
A man in a red uniform is racing and making a jump over a bike in the dirt
human legs, informal usage
A dog is looking at something near the water.
A baby is playing with a toy
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.
make a copy of with the intent to deceive.
support on the back and shoulders.
an observer of a process or activity
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.
Spur on, urge, or deride by cheers and shouts.
The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives.
Skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways          as a manner of motion.
A dog with a golden coat is swimming clumsily through the water
manner of handling, managing someone or something
Red double decker bus driving down a street.
a black, brown and white dog running along with a white Frisbee in his mouth.
A dog is opening a drawer and climbing inside
move freely (usually within a bounded space)
A man is riding an electric bicycle
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia.
Three dogs run through a field.
A man walking a large black horse.
Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.
a close up head of an ostrich.
Two children are leaning on a rusty ledge
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.
A woman is slicing a fish
the selection of a lottery winner
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
the act of putting a preparation on something.
a boundary marking the extremities of something.
Break the skin (of a body part) by scraping; impact something else.
A woman is removing eggs from a frying pan
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
A woman is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
preserve with sugar.
Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation.
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
know, realize, and comprehend the meaning
provide (movies) with a soundtrack of a foreign language.
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.
make underscoring marks.
cause to move round and round.
A black dog holds a tire and a ball in his mouth as another follows him.
The man is silent and still
remove tree stumps from.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the yard
The chef is carefully pouring oil in the pan
A person is combing the fur of a cat
There is no woman using an eye pencil and applying eye liner to her eyelid
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.
place or lay as if in a pile
Summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic; ask for the aid or protection of.
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.
The men are playing soccer
committee with supervisory powers
Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.
A young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is not watching her
Nobody is riding a bike
rhythmical thrusting of the legs in a swim stroke
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.
Two young girls with dyed hair talk to two boys in black.
The man is hiking in the woods
have or be covered with bristles
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on her head
medium of exchange minted by a government
the characteristic utterance of an animal.
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
I'm still not red-hot favourite, Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
There is no chef preparing a meal
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.
There is no girl wearing a t-shirt and keeping her mouth open
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
An Asian woman in a crowd is carrying a black bag
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.
Rollerbladers are not rolling in formation down a hill
A little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
A dog is sitting by a fence on a dirt track
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.
A baby is laughing
The cat is licking milk from a saucer
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.
line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment
A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
A boy with face paint is running on a track.
A dog running on the beach
Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
Some children are wearing black tights and hopping
A man is speaking
A brown and white dog runs through the green grass.
A dog running on the sand by the beach while his owner looks at the other dogs on the beach.
move along on wheels
There is no cat eating corn on the cob
deliver a formal talk or reprimand at length
A man jumping his dirt bike.
A young child is lying down on a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
A boy receives a light saber for Christmas.
Two kids are not sticking out blue and green colored tongues
Brown and white dog with baseball in mouth, field and building.
There is no young child splashing in the water
MediaMax performs EXACTLY as advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement.
A boy is fearfully walking across a bridge
A man and a woman are not driving down the street in a jeep
Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.
A man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette.
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
get the meaning of something.
A close up of a brown faced cat.
Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.
a person standing in the middle of a bunch of snowy rocks near a waterhole.
A woman, who is old, is far from a white dog
A woman is not talking on a telephone
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.
Four people are floating on a raft
A black dog is running along the beach.
In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
A guitar is being played by a girl
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.
McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
There is no woman cutting an onion
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.
A brown dog is running through the field.
A black dog walks through a rocky, grassy landscape under a blue, cloudy sky.
A successful throw or try for a point after a touchdown.
FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line
A person is riding a horse
A dog looking at the camera in snow.
Grass is being mowed by a man
World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
perceive by inhaling through the nose.
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.
A field of black faced sheep.
A man is walking behind a dog that is standing on it's hind legs.
A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.
overcome with amazement; flabbergast
a problem.
Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said.
A dog is rolling from side to side
The man is not seasoning the sausages
A shirtless man is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
a process of becoming smaller or shorter.
return to in thought or speech
A man is jumping off a low wall
A black dog is running in the snow
The man is doing floor exercises
The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
Someone is boiling okra in a pot
recite with musical intonation; recite as a chant or a psalm.
There is no baby tiger playing with a ball
to put down by force or authority.
A man is resting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
One man is turning off the microwave
Rollerbladers are running in formation down a hill
A woman is not cutting meat
A blonde lady is looking at a tower
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.
cause to regain consciousness.
Three cows grazing in a field.
A bike jumps through the air.
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
Girl and large stuffed animal riding an amuseument ride over a fair.
Two young children wearing sunglasses
the act of spending, disbursing funds
a unit of military aircraft.
enjoy, be fond of or approve
People travel up the elevator together.
A dog is bouncing on a trampoline
Black and white dog leaping for Frisbee.
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.
The man is thinking
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the backyard
A wooly dog on a beach looks toward another dog in the water.
A kid is splashing in the pool
The man is sitting outdoors under a purple umbrella
The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
a speech act of acknowledging gratitude for something
administer or bestow, as portions
Sally Baldwin, from York, was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station.
take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.
A dog is running with a volleyball
The current is being ridden by a group of friends in a raft
A man in a big city is holding a sign and begging for money
A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.
But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
There is no man in a grey t-shirt sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
There is no man opening a box with a knife
A man is eating
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.
a male bee whose function is to fertilize the queen
The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.
Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
a system of units used to express the weight of something.
A red train driving through a snow covered city.
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
A woman is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
a prediction of the course of a disease.
starting page of a website
A woman is turning her back from the view of a city
A female cheerleader is jumping on the knee of a male cheerleader
A man who is playing is running with the ball in his hands
The kid is still in the snow
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.
Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier, James said.
Couple with newborn baby.
A child, who is small, is outdoors climbing steps outdoors in an area full of grass
Two dogs standing in snow.
Three children playing in sand at beach
a group of dogs playing
A woman is not cutting shrimps
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.
The crowd is watching a football game
A dog swimming in a lake has sunshine shining on him.
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black jeep
A young female is dancing
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.
breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties.
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.
Football players in red and white are jumping and hugging each other
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
A young couple is lying on a bed together
A large group of cheerleaders is walking in a parade
The woman is cooking eggs
A woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her.
the identification or the realization of something
This is unacceptable," said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors.
Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.
The surfer is leaning on a surfboard
A brown dog running.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.
fall out of the pod or husk.
A person is playing a keyboard
A young lady with light brown hair is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch.
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
There is the real potential for a secondary collapse, Gov. James McGreevey said.
Put down by force or authority; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority.
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.
There is no lady walking in body paint in front of a crowd 
a verbal or written request for access to something.
Two people are wading through the water
A brown dog runs through the grass.
Two women sitting on a bench by the water.
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
the act of cutting something into parts.
open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.
The dancer is dancing in front of the sound equipment
The black and white dog is running on the grass.
Sources say agents confiscated "several" documents he was carrying.
Some racers are swimming in a lake
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
add embellishments and paintings to (medieval manuscripts).
the act of drawing or hauling something.
A brown dog shaking its head.
The tan and white dog is running in the field.
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here.
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.
Nobody is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
The woman is cutting cooked octopus
The man is doing a magic trick
There is no dog running on the beach
The doctor is helping the patient
The white dog is running through a white posts on an obstacle course.
The woman is happily playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill, Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday.
A woman is sewing with a machine
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.
Person in grassy field tending to sheep.
There is no man playing a guitar on stage
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.
The kitten is not playing with a toy
the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something.
be given to, come into the possession of
A black dog running through water.
rehearse, learn by repetition
An instance of visual perception.
the act of forming or establishing something.
The potato is being peeled by a woman
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
The man is doing a wheelie on a mountain bike
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is jumping of it into the water
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.
Two men are hugging
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
The act of copying the actions of someone else.
Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term.
the motion of one object relative to another.
Three brown dogs are playing in the sea.
A dog is losing a ball on the grass
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.
A person skateboarding at a skate park.
Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring the NYSE's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry.
provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase.
the act of starting something.
the activity of protecting something from loss or danger.
appoint to a clerical posts.
Several children are lying down and are raising their knees
A dog is biting a doll
trace the form or outline of
Two large brown dogs are both grabbing a black Frisbee.
The small girl is riding in the toy car
Three children in a ball pit.
A woman is standing and isn't looking at the waterfall
A woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall.
A person in pink is running onto the field
A sudden (emotional) outburst.
A dog is herding a group of white sheep on a dusty farm
A bird soars with wings spread.
cause (a computer) to execute a single command.
A young boy is using sign language
Two men in hats pose together.
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.
The men in brown shorts are walking on the rocks beside a river
A dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in a field
A line outside of a bookstore on a street.
Five people are standing with three dogs in the green field beside the road
(cause to) separate or move in different directions
A dog, which has a brown and white coat, is holding a baseball in its mouth
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
consider again (a bill) that had been voted upon before, with a view to altering it.
Child holding an object that is on fire.
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near a brown dog
Two dogs are being petted by a man
A large dog and a small dog is standing on the kitchen counter and investigate
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
the act of selecting or picking something
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.
Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state.
There is no man riding a horse
Someone is playing the guitar
give interlinear explanations or citations for text
a chart or map showing the dimensions, movements or progress of something
obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.
The woman is slicing a tomato
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.
A black and white rally car takes the turn.
The little dog is dropping the bedroom slipper from its mouth
A dog is wearing a gray jacket.
domesticated animals kept for use or profit
A bride with a white veil is looking down
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
Two children are lying in the snow and are making snow angels
Two boy are playing on a trampoline
Some food is being eaten by a man
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball.
A wet boy is jumping around on dirty and wet grass
A handstand is being performed by a man on the beach
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church.
Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.
A woman is not riding a horse
take into one's family or group
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.
The act of talking about the features of something.
A woman is not eating a cupcake
Potatoes are being sliced by a man
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.
The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.
A grey dog is bouncing a tennis ball on its head in a grass field
The child is playing with toys indoors
A white boat on glassy water with mountains in the background.
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
restate (words) from one language into another language.
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.
The state of being more than satisfied or satiated.
The boy and the girl are playing and wearing arm floats
A black and white dog is playing with a broken volleyball
A man is taking the oil out off a skillet
Nobody is riding the bicycle on one wheel
A yellow dog is chasing a ball
the condition of being motivated.
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
A dog is playing in the green field
Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'".
The girl in blue is chasing the base runner with a number on the jersey
Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
A greyhound jumps over a chain.
A person is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
a dog shews on a big stick.
In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in "limited circumstances."
gain points in a game; add up (numbers)
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
A girl is running with a pink shirt and is not wearing jeans
A boy feeding a sheep hay.
A man is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
A woman is cracking some eggs outside a bowl
This group of people is practicing water safety and wearing preservers
A woman is putting cosmetics on her eyelid
Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
A man is standing on the top of a roof and playing a violin
Someone is falling off a horse
Three women are resting in a village
A woman skiing down a snowy hill.
Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
A woman is standing at the beach with an animal on a leash
rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose.
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
work as a tinker or tinkerer.
There is no woman exercising
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.
Edie Falco was not nominated for "Frankie and Johnny."
A boy swings on a jungle gym.
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.
immerse briefly into liquid or container
Two girls are playing guitar
get rid of as if with water (metaphorical)
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.
Manual stimulation fo the genital area for sexual pleasure.
A black dog is jumping off a dock into a pond
The doctors are not reviving a man
Two dogs are looking at something that is moving in the water
start suddenly, as if from fright
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string.
the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached.
A brown dog and a red dog are sitting sadly on the beach
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
A dog, which is small, is playing tirelessly on the green grass
the act of beginning something new.
A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a puddle full of mud
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
The man is denying an interview
A brown and white dog is running through the tall grass
Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass
compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others.
two dogs play in the grass.
Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.
something recalled to the mind.
A white cat laying on an office chair.
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
A woman is cooking eggs
A woman is jumping with a bicycle
Several children playing in a ball pit.
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
There is no little girl peddling a scooter
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.
FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.
make less severe or strict.
Two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub.
Two black puppies are playing near a pool
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."
A dog is walking away from a baby
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.
the system of production and distribution and consumption.
The sun is not shining on the face of the girl who is in a yellow dress
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.
carry, as on one's back.
Five black dogs run in a field.
A kid wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.
Nobody is dangling from straps and kicking at each other
assign a new time and place for an event.
A man is squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid
A snowboarder is jumping through the air
aerodynamic force that opposed gravity
arranged for contracted work to be done by others.
A baby rhino is walking around a pen with its mother
a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important.
a competitor thought likely to win.
A white dog is running across a grassy field.
destroy a ship.
A man is playing a guitar under a windows
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green jeep
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.
The man in the purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
People wearing costumes are scattering in a forest and are looking in different directions
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
A brown and white animal is jumping on the sidewalk
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
make a certain noise or sound.
Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.
The dog is licking a bottle
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point.
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
There is no man walking outside
A married couple is walking down the aisle
A white cat laying on a sheet.
A boy is checking a calendar
A man and a woman are walking down a city street
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.
A group of people is on a mountain
The herd of caribous is not crossing a road
Manipulate or move something in order to operate.
A brown dog is walking on the grass.
A group of people stands in front of a yellow building.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.
A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.
join or bring together (two) objects, ideas, or people
A man is walking in the rain
Two dogs are running through the park
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.
There is no man wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and riding a unicycle down a street
the act of putting something in a certain place.
A blond-haired boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a large, fallen tree limb outdoors in grassy meadow.
Some water is being drunk by a cat
cause to procreate (animals).
The person on the motorcycle is holding up an arm
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.
Black dog chasing an orange Frisbee.
Baby with blonde pigtails in yellow room attempting to climb out of green playpen.
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.
make colder, or icy, using ice
A woman is combing her hair
A great dog is wildly climbing a steep hill
A cat is jumping into a container
Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses, said Gammerman.
A woman is wearing an Egyptian headdress
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a big city
Several people are sitting at small tables in a light room
suffer failure, as in some enterprise.
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.
Two brown dogs are playing with the frisbee in the water
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
A white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
The girl is standing on the couch and crocheting
The men are not packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
Two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather.
Two young men are sitting outside near a golden statue
incite action, cause an event
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
A guitar is being played by a baby
A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
put or introduce into something.
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
A small child smiling at the camera.
A man is frying a tortilla
The woman is pouring oil into the pan
A brown and black dog is pointing the nose upwards
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.
A dog with golden fur is in the water
A dog is having fun with a toy
A woman with blond hair is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
remove substances from a liquid or solution
remove or force out from a position.
formally announce the termination of an agreement
A skateboarder on a city street.
A young lady in a bikini is standing on the beach
value a thing or course of action more highly than another
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
A group of children is playing tambourines
A cat is stuck on a ceiling fan that is moving
A child in a green and white uniform for sports is running over the grass
A person is wearing a hat and is sitting on the grass
Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera.
A skateboarder is jumping off a ramp
the space where a division or parting occurs.
an agent or company that insures something
A girl jumping in a puddle.
regard something likely or reasonable to happen
The dog is snapping at some droplets of water
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.
The dog jumps in the air running after the Frisbee.
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.
The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.
Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding dress
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing an extravagant dress
the height of the sea's surface
A man and a woman are idling in a city street
A tiger is walking outside a cage
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.
The man is granting an interview
A man is standing shirtless in the street
a thrusting weapon, as a sword
Four dogs run in the grass.
A boy looking at a computer screen.
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
There is no man eating food
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and cheerfully riding a unicycle in the street
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee that is bent in half.
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
A white dog walking in the snow.
something craved, especially an intravenous injection of a narcotic drug.
A group of people are not looking at sound equipment
the state of being connected.
A state of confusion or disorder.
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.
Two children are lying in the snow and are drawing angels
There is no person cutting some ginger
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.
The gloves are off, said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.
go away or leave.
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.
Two men are doing a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
an advantage to the benefit of someone or something.
The woman is playing with two young boys at a park
A man in a jersey which is black is standing in a gym
someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else.
The man is funnily playing the piano with his nose
A girl jumping in the grass.
A dog sniffs a tree stump.
There is no man playing an electronic keyboard
anatomical shape of the body of a being, physique
A black and white dog is running through the grass.
twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.
There is no cold cyclist celebrating
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.
A man and a woman are smiling.
A cat is playing a piano
positively-charged center part of an atom
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.
Two women standing outside of a bus.
There is no man recklessly riding a horse
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
The black and brown cow is looking at the camera.
They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous, said the Oscar-winning film director.
One man is sitting steadily on the chair
The little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
approach a limit as the number of terms increases without limit.
Two boys play with large sticks in the yard.
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".
There is no person slicing an onion
A little girl is peddling a scooter
A dog walks through the snow.
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of yellow flowers
A baby is talking
Two men are not fighting
provide housing for.
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.
A white dog with brown markings chases an orange ball in a grassy field.
A boy standing on a beach.
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.
The young girl with a pink shirt is peacefully lying on the grass
a romantic partner, girlfriend or boyfriend
make a hole with a pointed tool
A hiker moves up a snowy mountain.
A horse and its rider are leaping over a barrier
A bicycle is parked by a shop.
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.
(Cause to) become less interesting, attractive or vigorous.
An airplane is being stationed on the ground
A rhino, which is little, is following an adult rhino
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
A group of Asian girls are standing together
A dog leaps over a log in the woods.
Two grey dogs running through the shallow water of a lake.
The bunch of men are playing with the mud on a rugby field
the act of reasoning, cogitation
fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit.
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.
A man is pouring liquid into a pot
A young woman with a black top and a necklace.
There is no one banging a camera lens against a nail
elecate or idealize in allusion to Christ's          transfiguration
A girl is speeding down a steep slide
The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.
Two dogs play on the grass.
a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth.
A black dog is running very fast on a light brown ground.
the act of mixing together.
Two puppies play in the grass
Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.
A guitar is being played by a kid
A man is showing off a small monkey
a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment.
The turtle is following the red fish
The cats are not playing with each other
The bearded man is sitting on a train
Four kids are doing backbends in the park
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
A person in mid air on a yellow motorcycle.
have unlawful sex with a prostitute
skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways.
Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond.
A baby is sitting
There is no woman in a purple top walking a bicycle between two stone columns
Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.
rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle
Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline.
Two children go sledding.
Two people are playing ping pong
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.
Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.
give up what is not strictly needed.
People are walking inside a building that has many murals on it
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.
a store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms).
A dog running in the grass.
A person jumps off the sidewalk on their skateboard.
A boy is shredding a calendar
Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear.
change (dramatically) between high and low values
The woman is drawing a man
Two men are swimming in deep water
Some dogs are playing in a river
A dog stands on a beach at sunset.
A famous singer is dancing on the ceiling
cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public; bring into general or common use.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.
Look through a book or some other written    material (for information).
A brown and black dog is running through the leaves
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.
A large wet yellow dog is holding a toy
A woman having her picture taken in front of a large carving.
A woman in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
A duck floating in the water.
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat "who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
A brown dog running after a young cow.
Three boys are jumping off a platform
A young girl in a coat made for winter is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.
A baby is not playing a guitar
The person is riding a jetski in the waves
A group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings.
A soccer player is missing a goal
A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.
any accounting period of 12 months.
a little girl is just reaching the bottom of a playground slide
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a river
the part played by a person in bringing about a result.
contribute to the progress or growth of.
The piano is being played by someone
A child pushes another child on a swing.
The woman is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another man
A horse is leaping a hurdle and has a rider on its back
design for a specific purpose
Young boys running along the pavement.
A skateboarder on a ramp.
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
Two dogs run through the snow.
an itemized statement of money owed
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.
a local non-residential college offering two years of courses
A man is lifting barbells
A big potato is knocking a green ball
A tiger is walking around
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
There is no dog with a blue blanket running through the grass
Four boys sit in the mud.
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of few people
enter uninvited.
An animate agent utters with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.
The boys are standing in front of the burning car
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".
Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.
The guitar is being played by a kid
There is no baby talking
A man is riding on a bicycle with one wheel only
An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy
Two dogs are looking at something that is splashing in the water
A band is performing on a stage
The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.
to turn in (vouchers or coupons) and receive something in exchange.
WorldCom's accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.
A woman is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
A white cow with big ears looking into the camera.
the act of surrendering an asset
A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.
However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment.
The brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball.
A moped in front of ruins.
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
A man elegantly dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
a skateboarder grinds a rail.
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
A man in a red uniform is making a jump in a dirt bike race
There is no basketball player on the court floor and no one is grabbing the ball
A woman is breaking eggs
A man on a bike does a very high jump.
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.
A basketball player is scoring a basket.
an event that causes someone to die.
serve as the inciting cause of.
A small dog runs through a grassy field.
Two dogs play in a sandy field.
People are clustered around a bonfire at morning
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.
apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny.
a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight.
A person floats in water near rocks and a waterfall.
Two guys are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.
A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is running
reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.
A man is holding onto handles in the air.
A woman is using an eye pencil and is applying eye liner to her eyelid
Two little white dogs are playing in the snow.
two brown and black dogs growling at each other.
Three children are running down a grassy hillside
The part of the body between the neck and upper arm, or any of its subparts.
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
Two dogs are playing with each other
A person is wrapping up an onion
The boy is checking a calendar
A brown and white dog is running through the river
a porch that resembles the deck on a ship.
The woman in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system.
the foremost part of something
make undue claims to having.
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.
What can I say to you? he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.
Make a line or marks on a surface; copy by          following the lines of
The man is talking on the phone
return to an original state.
A fish is swimming
A girl is messing up her hair
a boy in a red shirt, in front of a long blue wall, raises his eyebrow at the camera
a dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on
A man with a jacket wears headphones standing in front of a directory.
A woman is throwing a potato peel
(Cause to) be covered with something.
hand over or put in
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.
A small monkey is walking through water
a system by which one currency is exchanged for another, enabling international transactions
I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law, he said.
A young boy is jumping into a still lake
A small shirtless boy is sliding into a green tube
A person is doing a trick on a snowboard
Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach.
a skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp
There is a brown dog swimming outside with a tennis ball in its mouth.
Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.
Women are not wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are not pointing at something in the distance
a document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf
A grey cat laying on a dining table.
A man in a red shirt rappelling down a waterfall with a red rope.
A man is being stopped on a rope bridge
A man is shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
express or utter with a hiss.
The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.
The tan dog is not watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
A little boy is proudly wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
A woman is taking two eggs out of a pot of water
The woman is removing make-up
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
The motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.
put a coat on; cover the surface of; furnish with a surface.
The girl is spraying the plants with water
the act of motivating; providing incentive.
Two surfers on riding a small wave.
Two women are talking
Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.
Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
A man is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59.
There is no woman playing with two young boys at a park
A dog jumps through water.
Blue and black pants are being worn by the motocross rider
A baby is crawling happily
The malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and is preparing to jump
sheep standing in afield.
One small child is filling the cup with water
A person who plays soccer is kicking a ball into the goal
Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed.
There is no guy mowing the lawn
A black and white photo of an old train station.
The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.
Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.
A woman with a white horse.
Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.
There is no man in a red uniform making a jump in a dirt bike race
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
A shirtless woman is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
the quality of dissimilarity
Two women dressed in white and black are relaxing on a bench
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.
Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says.
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed 4.1 billion merger.
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition
make or become brighter or lighter
Additionally, the h2210s cradle has room to charge a second battery.
A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.
There is no woman slicing a tomato
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
A group of people sitting around a desk.
A skateboarder is doing acrobatics on a half pipe
The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge.
A brown dog jumps high in the grass.
A girl is tapping her fingernails
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.
There is no dog turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner).
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.
Five adults are sitting on stone steps
A dog with a ring in its mouth is standing in water.
The dog is having a rest in the park
Some people and vehicles are on a almost empty street
react to in a certain way.
Someone is dropping the meat into a pan
South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
a bundle (especially one carried on the back).
Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background.
The dog is on a leash and is walking in the water
A snowboarding man is jumping through the air
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
communicate or make known by gestures, action, or signs
A black and white dog swims in blue water.
A tree is being picked up by a man
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
A biker is wearing gear which is black
be or come into conflict
establish something as being earlier relative to something else.
get or find back; recover the use of.
A man is drilling a hole with a piece of wood
Two men are not taking a break from construction
A white man is staging a hat and a playing guitar
operating or traveling via a vehicle
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.
The woman isn't stirring eggs in a bowl
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
a natural growth of plants, usually trees
A brown dog running over grass.
A group of people is equipped with gear used for protection
two dogs are running across a grassy path.
There is no dog running on the road
There is no dog standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.
The boy is spraying the plants with water
There is no dog playing with a red ball
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.
a dog plays in the snow.
The act of proposing someone as a candidate for something.
A bride with a white dress is looking down
A group of people is sitting on both sides of a red stone structure
One man is feeding a mouse to the snake
Identify, establish location or identity
money in the form of bills or coins.
A girl is drawing a man
A dog is jumping on a trampoline
A woman is beating the man that is keeping two eggs in the bowl, using a wire whisk 
The act of searching for or buying goods or services.
Four dogs stand in the snow.
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
A man is sitting peacefully on a boat in front of the sunset near a flag
The group of people is sitting in a dim room
A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.
A flat screen TV on the floor.
Boy and girl running along the beach.
Someone is putting away a keyboard
The man is hurling knives at a tree
a sculpture representing a human or animal.
A child sits in a large black leather chair.
A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt.
A man sitting in a cluttered room.
One young lady is jumping on the car
A young boy is playing a guitar
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking in rocky area
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.
The little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
A brown and white dog is jumping on the sidewalk
A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background.
Doctors have speculated that the bodys own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.
The man is eating a banana by a tree
be a summary of.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.